#// --------- PERMISSIONS LIST ITEMS ------- \\#
#// --------------- 19.07 16:00 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 7493 --------- \\#
#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.craft.*                                                      # (default: true) Allow crafting of items. Not necessarily works with modded crafting tables
fe.protection.craft.akashictome.tome.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Akashic Tome
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.atlasbook.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Atlas
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.atlasplate.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Atlas Plate
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.bibliochase.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Print Press Chase
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.biblioclipboard.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Clipboard
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.bibliocreativelock.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lock and Key
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.bibliodrill.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Screw Gun
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.biblioglasses.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Reading Glasses
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.biblioredbook.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.bigbook.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Big Writing Book
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.compass.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Compass
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.deathcompass.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Eternal Compass
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.enchantedplate.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.framingboard.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Framing Board
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.framingsaw.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Framing Saw
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.framingsheet.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Framing Sheet
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.handdrill.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Hand Drill
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.maptool.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Drafting Compass
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.paintingcanvas.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Painting Canvas
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.plumbline.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Plumb line
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.printplate.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Print Press Plate
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.recipebook.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.seatback1.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.seatback2.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.seatback3.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.seatback4.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.seatback5.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.slottedbook.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Slotted Book
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.stockroomcatalog.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.tape.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.tapemeasure.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tape Measure
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.testeritem.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.craft.chesttransporter.chesttransporter.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Chest Transporter
fe.protection.craft.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_copper.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Chest Transporter
fe.protection.craft.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_diamond.*            # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Chest Transporter
fe.protection.craft.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_gold.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Chest Transporter
fe.protection.craft.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_iron.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Chest Transporter
fe.protection.craft.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_obsidian.*           # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Chest Transporter
fe.protection.craft.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_silver.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Chest Transporter
fe.protection.craft.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_tin.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Chest Transporter
fe.protection.craft.chisel.chisel_diamond.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.craft.chisel.chisel_hitech.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT iChisel
fe.protection.craft.chisel.chisel_iron.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chisel
fe.protection.craft.chisel.offsettool.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Offset Wand
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.bit_bag.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Chiseled Bit Bag
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.bitsaw_diamond.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Bit Saw
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.block_bit.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chiseled Bit
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.chisel_diamond.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.chisel_gold.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Chisel
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.chisel_iron.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Chisel
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.chisel_stone.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Chisel
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.mirrorprint.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Mirror Chisel Design
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.negativeprint.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Negative Chisel Design
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.positiveprint.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Positive Chisel Design
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.tape_measure.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tape Measure
fe.protection.craft.chiselsandbits.wrench_wood.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Wrench
fe.protection.craft.clipboard.clipboard.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Clipboard
fe.protection.craft.comforts.hammock.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT White Hammock Cloth
fe.protection.craft.comforts.sleeping_bag.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT White Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.craft.computronics.oc_parts.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Camera Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.computronics.oc_special_parts.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Magical Memory (Creative)
fe.protection.craft.computronics.parts.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tape Track
fe.protection.craft.computronics.portable_tape_drive.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Tape Drive
fe.protection.craft.computronics.relay_sensor.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Digital Relay Sensor
fe.protection.craft.computronics.tape.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cassette Tape
fe.protection.craft.forge.bucketfilled.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.copper_iron_chest_upgrade.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.copper_iron_shulker_upgrade.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Copper to Iron Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.copper_silver_chest_upgrade.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.copper_silver_shulker_upgrade.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Copper to Silver Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.diamond_crystal_chest_upgrade.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.diamond_crystal_shulker_upgrade.*            # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond to Crystal Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.diamond_obsidian_chest_upgrade.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.diamond_obsidian_shulker_upgrade.*           # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond to Obsidian Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.gold_diamond_chest_upgrade.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.gold_diamond_shulker_upgrade.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Gold to Diamond Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.iron_gold_chest_upgrade.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.iron_gold_shulker_upgrade.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Iron to Gold Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.silver_gold_chest_upgrade.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.silver_gold_shulker_upgrade.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Silver to Gold Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.vanilla_copper_shulker_upgrade.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Vanilla to Copper Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.vanilla_iron_shulker_upgrade.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Vanilla to Iron Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.wood_copper_chest_upgrade.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.wood_iron_chest_upgrade.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.curtain_black.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Black Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.curtain_blue.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.curtain_brown.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.curtain_cyan.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.curtain_gray.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Gray Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.curtain_green.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Green Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.curtain_light_blue.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.curtain_lime.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.curtain_magenta.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.curtain_orange.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.curtain_pink.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Pink Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.curtain_purple.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Purple Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.curtain_red.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Red Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.curtain_silver.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT SilverCurtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.curtain_white.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT White Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.curtain_yellow.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.customdooritem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Custom Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.factory_door.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Factory Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.forcefielditem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Forcefield Controller
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.iron_sliding_door.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.jail_door.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Jail Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.laboratory_door.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Laboratory Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.rustyhandle.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Rusty Handle
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.saloon.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Saloon Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.shoji_door.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Shoji Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.verticalhatch.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Door
fe.protection.craft.malisisdoors.wood_sliding_door.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.craft.microblockcbe.microblock.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Unnamed
fe.protection.craft.microblockcbe.saw_diamond.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.microblockcbe:saw_diamond.name
fe.protection.craft.microblockcbe.saw_iron.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.microblockcbe:saw_iron.name
fe.protection.craft.microblockcbe.saw_stone.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.microblockcbe:saw_stone.name
fe.protection.craft.microblockcbe.stone_rod.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.microblockcbe:stone_rod.name
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.acacia_boat.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Acacia Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.acacia_door.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Acacia Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.air.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Air
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.apple.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Apple
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.armor_stand.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Armor Stand
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.arrow.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Arrow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.baked_potato.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bed.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT White Bed
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.beef.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Beef
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.beetroot.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Beetroot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.beetroot_seeds.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Beetroot Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.beetroot_soup.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Beetroot Soup
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.birch_boat.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Birch Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.birch_door.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Birch Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Powder
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Rod
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.boat.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bone.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bone
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.book.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bow.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bowl.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bowl
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bread.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bread
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Brewing Stand
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.brick.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Brick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bucket.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cake.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cake
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.carrot.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cauldron.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cauldron
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Chest Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chicken.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Chicken
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chorus_fruit.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chorus_fruit_popped.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Popped Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Clay
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.clock.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Clock
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.coal.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Coal
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.comparator.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.compass.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Compass
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Steak
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_fish.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Fish
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_mutton.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Mutton
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_rabbit.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Rabbit
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cookie.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cookie
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.dark_oak_boat.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Oak Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.dragon_breath.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Dragon's Breath
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.dye.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ink Sac
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.egg.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.elytra.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Elytra
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.emerald.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanted Book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.end_crystal.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT End Crystal
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Eye of Ender
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Pearl
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.feather.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Feather
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.filled_map.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Map
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Charge
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.firework_charge.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Firework Star
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fireworks.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Firework Rocket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fish.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Fish
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flint.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Flint
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Flint and Steel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Flower Pot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Furnace Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ghast Tear
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Bottle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Ingot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Nugget
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_apple.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Apple
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_boots.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Carrot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_sword.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Gunpowder
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Hopper Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_door.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Ingot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_nugget.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Nugget
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.item_frame.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Item Frame
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.jungle_boat.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Jungle Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.jungle_door.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Jungle Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.knowledge_book.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Knowledge Book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lead.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lead
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Leather
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_boots.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Tunic
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Cap
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Pants
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lingering_potion.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lingering Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Magma Cream
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.map.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Map
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.melon.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Melon
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Melon Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Milk
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.minecart.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.mutton.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Mutton
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.name_tag.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Name Tag
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.nether_star.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Star
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Wart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Brick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.painting.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Painting
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.paper.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Paper
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.porkchop.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.potato.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.potion.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.prismarine_crystals.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Prismarine Crystals
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.prismarine_shard.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Prismarine Shard
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.quartz.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rabbit.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Rabbit
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rabbit_foot.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Rabbit's Foot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rabbit_hide.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Rabbit Hide
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rabbit_stew.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Rabbit Stew
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_11.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_13.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_blocks.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_cat.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_chirp.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_far.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_mall.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_stal.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_strad.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_wait.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_ward.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.redstone.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.reeds.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar Canes
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.repeater.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.saddle.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Saddle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.shears.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Shears
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.shield.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Shield
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.shulker_shell.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Shulker Shell
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.sign.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Sign
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.skull.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Slimeball
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.snowball.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Snowball
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Glistering Melon
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spectral_arrow.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Spectral Arrow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Spider Eye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.splash_potion.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Splash Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spruce_boat.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Spruce Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spruce_door.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Spruce Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stick.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Stick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.string.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT String
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.sugar.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.tipped_arrow.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Uncraftable Tipped Arrow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT TNT Cart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.totem_of_undying.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Totem of Undying
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.water_bucket.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Water Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wheat.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wheat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.writable_book.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Book and Quill
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.written_book.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Written Book
fe.protection.craft.morphtool.tool.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Morphing Tool
fe.protection.craft.omlib.debug_tool.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Debug Tool
fe.protection.craft.omlib.fake_sword.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.fake_sword.name
fe.protection.craft.omlib.multi_tool.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.multi_tool.name
fe.protection.craft.opencomputers.card.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Debug Card
fe.protection.craft.opencomputers.component.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Central Processing Unit (CPU) (Tier 1)
fe.protection.craft.opencomputers.hoverboots.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Hover Boots
fe.protection.craft.opencomputers.material.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cutting Wire
fe.protection.craft.opencomputers.misc.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Tablet
fe.protection.craft.opencomputers.storage.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT EEPROM
fe.protection.craft.opencomputers.tool.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Analyzer
fe.protection.craft.opencomputers.upgrade.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Angel Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.opencomputers.wrench.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Scrench
fe.protection.craft.openentity.dnastack.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT DNA Stack
fe.protection.craft.openentity.dnatool.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT DNA Tool
fe.protection.craft.openentity.hotkey.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Hotkey
fe.protection.craft.openentity.interfaceauthority.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Authority
fe.protection.craft.openentity.interfacecosmetic.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cosmetic
fe.protection.craft.openentity.interfaceenergy.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Energy
fe.protection.craft.openentity.interfaceequipment.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Equipment
fe.protection.craft.openentity.interfaceexperience.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Experience
fe.protection.craft.openentity.interfacefluids.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Fluids
fe.protection.craft.openentity.interfacehotkeys.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Hotkeys
fe.protection.craft.openentity.interfaceinfo.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Info
fe.protection.craft.openentity.interfaceinventory.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Inventory
fe.protection.craft.openentity.interfaceopencomputers.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT OpenComputers
fe.protection.craft.openentity.interfaceredstone.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone
fe.protection.craft.openentity.interfacesocial.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Social
fe.protection.craft.openentity.interfaceteleport.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Teleport
fe.protection.craft.openentity.inventorycontroller.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Inventory Controller
fe.protection.craft.openentity.openentitycontroller.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT OpenEntity Controller
fe.protection.craft.openentity.openentitytool.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT OpenEntity Tool
fe.protection.craft.openentity.redstonecontroller.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Controller
fe.protection.craft.openentity.remote.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Remote
fe.protection.craft.openentity.upgradecapacity_fe.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade Capacity (FE/RF)
fe.protection.craft.openentity.upgradeenderinventory.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade Ender Inventory
fe.protection.craft.openentity.upgradeendertank.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade Ender Tank
fe.protection.craft.openentity.upgraderange.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade Range
fe.protection.craft.openentity.upgradetransferrate_fe.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade Transferrate (FE/RF)
fe.protection.craft.openfm.memorycard.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Memory Card
fe.protection.craft.openfm.radiotuner.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Radio Tuner
fe.protection.craft.openglasses.openglasses.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT AR Glasses
fe.protection.craft.openglasses.openglasses_card.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Glasses Terminal Card
fe.protection.craft.openprinter.folder.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Folder
fe.protection.craft.openprinter.paper_shreds.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Paper Shreds
fe.protection.craft.openprinter.printed_page.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Printed Page
fe.protection.craft.openprinter.printer_ink_black.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Black Ink
fe.protection.craft.openprinter.printer_ink_color.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Color Ink
fe.protection.craft.opensecurity.cooldown_upgrade.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cooldown Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.opensecurity.damage_upgrade.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Damage Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.opensecurity.energy_upgrade.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.opensecurity.mag_card.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Magnetic Strip Card
fe.protection.craft.opensecurity.movement_upgrade.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Movement Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.opensecurity.nanodna.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT NanoDNA
fe.protection.craft.opensecurity.private_secure_door.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Private Security Door
fe.protection.craft.opensecurity.rfid_card.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT RFID Card
fe.protection.craft.opensecurity.rfid_reader_card.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT RFID Reader Card
fe.protection.craft.opensecurity.secure_door.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Security Door
fe.protection.craft.projectred-core.drawplate.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.core.drawplate.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-core.multimeter.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.core.multimeter.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-core.resource_item.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.core.itemResource.plate.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-core.screwdriver.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.core.screwdriver.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-expansion.charged_battery.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.expansion.battery.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-expansion.electric_screwdriver.*            # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.expansion.screwdriverElectric.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-expansion.empty_battery.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.expansion.batteryEmpty.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-expansion.infused_ender_pearl.*             # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.expansion.enderPearlInfused.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-expansion.jetpack.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.expansion.jetpack.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-expansion.plan.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.expansion.plan.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-expansion.solar_panel.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.expansion.solarPanel.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.athame.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.athame.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.backpack.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.backpack|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.diamond_sickle.*                # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.sickleDiamond.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.golden_saw.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.sawGold.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.golden_sickle.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.sickleGold.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.iron_sickle.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.sickleIron.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.peridot_axe.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.axePeridot.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.peridot_boots.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.bootsPeridot.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.peridot_chestplate.*            # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.chestplatePeridot.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.peridot_helmet.*                # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.helmetPeridot.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.peridot_hoe.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.hoePeridot.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.peridot_leggings.*              # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.leggingsPeridot.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.peridot_pickaxe.*               # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.pickaxePeridot.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.peridot_saw.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.sawPeridot.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.peridot_shovel.*                # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.shovelPeridot.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.peridot_sickle.*                # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.sicklePeridot.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.peridot_sword.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.swordPeridot.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.ruby_axe.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.axeRuby.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.ruby_boots.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.bootsRuby.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.ruby_chestplate.*               # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.chestplateRuby.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.ruby_helmet.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.helmetRuby.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.ruby_hoe.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.hoeRuby.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.ruby_leggings.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.leggingsRuby.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.ruby_pickaxe.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.pickaxeRuby.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.ruby_saw.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.sawRuby.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.ruby_shovel.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.shovelRuby.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.ruby_sickle.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.sickleRuby.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.ruby_sword.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.swordRuby.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.sapphire_axe.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.axeSapphire.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.sapphire_boots.*                # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.bootsSapphire.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.sapphire_chestplate.*           # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.chestplateSapphire.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.sapphire_helmet.*               # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.helmetSapphire.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.sapphire_hoe.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.hoeSapphire.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.sapphire_leggings.*             # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.leggingsSapphire.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.sapphire_pickaxe.*              # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.pickaxeSapphire.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.sapphire_saw.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.sawSapphire.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.sapphire_shovel.*               # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.shovelSapphire.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.sapphire_sickle.*               # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.sickleSapphire.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.sapphire_sword.*                # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.swordSapphire.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.stone_sickle.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.sickleStone.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.wooden_sickle.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.sickleWood.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-exploration.wool_gin.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.exploration.woolGin.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-fabrication.ic_blueprint.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.fabrication.icBlueprint.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-fabrication.ic_chip.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.fabrication.icChip|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-illumination.cage_lamp.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.illumination.cageLamp|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-illumination.fallout_lamp.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.illumination.falloutLamp|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-illumination.feedback_light_button.*        # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.illumination.lightButtonFeedback|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-illumination.fixture_light.*                # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.illumination.fixtureLight|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-illumination.inverted_cage_lamp.*           # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.illumination.cageLampInverted|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-illumination.inverted_fallout_lamp.*        # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.illumination.falloutLampInverted|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-illumination.inverted_fixture_light.*       # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.illumination.fixtureLightInverted|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-illumination.inverted_lantern.*             # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.illumination.lanternInverted|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-illumination.lantern.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.illumination.lantern|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-illumination.light_button.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.illumination.lightButton|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-integration.gate.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.integration.gate|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-transmission.framed_wire.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.transmission.wireFramed|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-transmission.wire.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.transmission.wire|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-transportation.pipe.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.transportation.pipe|0.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-transportation.router_utility.*             # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.transportation.routerUtility.name
fe.protection.craft.projectred-transportation.routing_chip.*               # (default: true) CRAFT item.projectred.transportation.routingChip|0.name
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.armor_boots_steel.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Boots
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.armor_chestplate_steel.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.armor_goggles.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.armor_helmet_steel.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.armor_leggings_steel.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Leggings
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.armor_overalls.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.bore.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.borehead_bronze.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Bore Head
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.borehead_diamond.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.borehead_iron.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.borehead_steel.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_bed.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bed Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_cargo.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cargo Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_chest_metals.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Metals Chest Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_chest_void.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Void Chest Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_gift.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Gift Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_jukebox.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Jukebox Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_pumpkin.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_redstone_flux.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Flux Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_spawner.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Spawner Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_tank.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Tank Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_tnt_wood.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_trade_station.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Trade Station Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.cart_work.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Work Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.charge.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Charge Coil
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.circuit.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Controller Circuit
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.concrete.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bag of Cement
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.dust.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.emblem.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Emblem
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.filter_blank.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Filter
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.filter_ore_dict.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ore Dictionary Filter
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.filter_type.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Item Type Filter
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.firestone_cracked.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.firestone_cut.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Cut Firestone
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.firestone_raw.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Firestone
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.firestone_refined.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Refined Firestone
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.fluid_bottle_creosote.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.fluid_bottle_steam.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Steam Bottle
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.fuel_coke.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Coke
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.gear.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Brass Gear
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.ingot.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Ingot
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.locomotive_creative.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Perpetuum Locomotive
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.locomotive_electric.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.locomotive_steam_solid.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.mow_track_layer.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.mow_track_relayer.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.mow_track_remover.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.mow_undercutter.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.nugget.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Nugget
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.plate.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Plate
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.rail.*                                       # (default: true) CRAFT Standard Rail
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.railbed.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.rebar.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Rebar
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.routing_table.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Routing Table
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.routing_ticket.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Railway Ticket
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.routing_ticket_gold.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.signal_lamp.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Lamp
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tie.*                                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Tie
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_axe_steel.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Axe
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_charge_meter.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Charge Meter
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_crowbar_iron.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Crowbar
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_crowbar_seasons.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Crowbar of Seasons
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_crowbar_steel.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Crowbar
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_hoe_steel.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Hoe
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_magnifying_glass.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_notepad.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Trackman's Notepad
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_pickaxe_steel.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_shears_steel.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Shears
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_shovel_steel.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Shovel
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_signal_label.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Label
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_signal_surveyor.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Surveyor
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_signal_tuner.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Signal Tuner
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_spike_maul_iron.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Spike Maul
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_spike_maul_steel.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Spike Maul
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_stone_carver.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Carver
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_sword_steel.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Sword
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.tool_whistle_tuner.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.track_kit.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Invalid Track Kit
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.track_parts.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Track Parts
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.turbine_blade.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Blade
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.turbine_disk.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Disk
fe.protection.craft.railcraft.turbine_rotor.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.craft.rsgauges.switchlink_pearl.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Switch Link Pearl
fe.protection.craft.sgcraft.configurator.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Configurator
fe.protection.craft.sgcraft.gdo.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Handheld GDO
fe.protection.craft.sgcraft.naquadah.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Naquadah
fe.protection.craft.sgcraft.naquadahingot.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Naquadah Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.craft.sgcraft.pdd.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Personal Dialer Device
fe.protection.craft.sgcraft.pegasus_upgrade.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pegasus Type Upgrade Crystal
fe.protection.craft.sgcraft.sgchevronupgrade.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Stargate Chevron Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.sgcraft.sgcontrollercrystal.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Stargate Controller Crystal
fe.protection.craft.sgcraft.sgcorecrystal.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Stargate Core Crystal
fe.protection.craft.sgcraft.sgirisblade.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Stargate Iris Blade
fe.protection.craft.sgcraft.sgirisupgrade.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Stargate Iris Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.sgcraft.tollan_phase_shift_device.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Tollan Phase Shift Device
fe.protection.craft.sgcraft.zpm.*                                          # (default: true) CRAFT Zero Point Module
fe.protection.craft.testdummy.dummy.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Test Dummy
fe.protection.exist.*                                                      # (default: true) Allow having item in inventory. Item will be destroyed if not allowed.
fe.protection.exist.akashictome.tome.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Akashic Tome
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.atlasbook.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Atlas
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.atlasplate.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Atlas Plate
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.bibliochase.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Print Press Chase
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.biblioclipboard.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Clipboard
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.bibliocreativelock.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Lock and Key
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.bibliodrill.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Screw Gun
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.biblioglasses.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Reading Glasses
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.biblioredbook.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.bigbook.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Big Writing Book
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.compass.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Compass
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.deathcompass.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Eternal Compass
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.enchantedplate.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.framingboard.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Framing Board
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.framingsaw.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Framing Saw
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.framingsheet.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Framing Sheet
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.handdrill.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Hand Drill
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.maptool.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Drafting Compass
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.paintingcanvas.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Painting Canvas
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.plumbline.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Plumb line
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.printplate.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Print Press Plate
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.recipebook.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.seatback1.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.seatback2.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.seatback3.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.seatback4.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.seatback5.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.slottedbook.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Slotted Book
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.stockroomcatalog.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.tape.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.tapemeasure.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Tape Measure
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.testeritem.*                               # (default: true) EXIST ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.exist.chesttransporter.chesttransporter.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Chest Transporter
fe.protection.exist.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_copper.*             # (default: true) EXIST Copper Chest Transporter
fe.protection.exist.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_diamond.*            # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Chest Transporter
fe.protection.exist.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_gold.*               # (default: true) EXIST Golden Chest Transporter
fe.protection.exist.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_iron.*               # (default: true) EXIST Iron Chest Transporter
fe.protection.exist.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_obsidian.*           # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Chest Transporter
fe.protection.exist.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_silver.*             # (default: true) EXIST Silver Chest Transporter
fe.protection.exist.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_tin.*                # (default: true) EXIST Tin Chest Transporter
fe.protection.exist.chisel.chisel_diamond.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.exist.chisel.chisel_hitech.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST iChisel
fe.protection.exist.chisel.chisel_iron.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Chisel
fe.protection.exist.chisel.offsettool.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ender Offset Wand
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.bit_bag.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Chiseled Bit Bag
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.bitsaw_diamond.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Bit Saw
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.block_bit.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Chiseled Bit
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.chisel_diamond.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.chisel_gold.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Golden Chisel
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.chisel_iron.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Iron Chisel
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.chisel_stone.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Stone Chisel
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.mirrorprint.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Mirror Chisel Design
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.negativeprint.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Negative Chisel Design
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.positiveprint.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Positive Chisel Design
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.tape_measure.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Tape Measure
fe.protection.exist.chiselsandbits.wrench_wood.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Wrench
fe.protection.exist.clipboard.clipboard.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Clipboard
fe.protection.exist.comforts.hammock.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST White Hammock Cloth
fe.protection.exist.comforts.sleeping_bag.*                                # (default: true) EXIST White Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.exist.computronics.oc_parts.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Camera Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.computronics.oc_special_parts.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Magical Memory (Creative)
fe.protection.exist.computronics.parts.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tape Track
fe.protection.exist.computronics.portable_tape_drive.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Portable Tape Drive
fe.protection.exist.computronics.relay_sensor.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Digital Relay Sensor
fe.protection.exist.computronics.tape.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Cassette Tape
fe.protection.exist.forge.bucketfilled.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bucket
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.copper_iron_chest_upgrade.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.copper_iron_shulker_upgrade.*                # (default: true) EXIST Copper to Iron Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.copper_silver_chest_upgrade.*                # (default: true) EXIST Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.copper_silver_shulker_upgrade.*              # (default: true) EXIST Copper to Silver Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.diamond_crystal_chest_upgrade.*              # (default: true) EXIST Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.diamond_crystal_shulker_upgrade.*            # (default: true) EXIST Diamond to Crystal Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.diamond_obsidian_chest_upgrade.*             # (default: true) EXIST Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.diamond_obsidian_shulker_upgrade.*           # (default: true) EXIST Diamond to Obsidian Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.gold_diamond_chest_upgrade.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.gold_diamond_shulker_upgrade.*               # (default: true) EXIST Gold to Diamond Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.iron_gold_chest_upgrade.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.iron_gold_shulker_upgrade.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Iron to Gold Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.silver_gold_chest_upgrade.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.silver_gold_shulker_upgrade.*                # (default: true) EXIST Silver to Gold Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.vanilla_copper_shulker_upgrade.*             # (default: true) EXIST Vanilla to Copper Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.vanilla_iron_shulker_upgrade.*               # (default: true) EXIST Vanilla to Iron Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.wood_copper_chest_upgrade.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.wood_iron_chest_upgrade.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.curtain_black.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Black Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.curtain_blue.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Blue Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.curtain_brown.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Brown Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.curtain_cyan.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.curtain_gray.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Gray Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.curtain_green.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Green Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.curtain_light_blue.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.curtain_lime.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Lime Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.curtain_magenta.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.curtain_orange.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Orange Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.curtain_pink.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Pink Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.curtain_purple.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Purple Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.curtain_red.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Red Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.curtain_silver.*                          # (default: true) EXIST SilverCurtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.curtain_white.*                           # (default: true) EXIST White Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.curtain_yellow.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.customdooritem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Custom Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.factory_door.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Factory Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.forcefielditem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Forcefield Controller
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.iron_sliding_door.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.jail_door.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Jail Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.laboratory_door.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Laboratory Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.rustyhandle.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Rusty Handle
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.saloon.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Saloon Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.shoji_door.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Shoji Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.verticalhatch.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Door
fe.protection.exist.malisisdoors.wood_sliding_door.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.exist.microblockcbe.microblock.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Unnamed
fe.protection.exist.microblockcbe.saw_diamond.*                            # (default: true) EXIST item.microblockcbe:saw_diamond.name
fe.protection.exist.microblockcbe.saw_iron.*                               # (default: true) EXIST item.microblockcbe:saw_iron.name
fe.protection.exist.microblockcbe.saw_stone.*                              # (default: true) EXIST item.microblockcbe:saw_stone.name
fe.protection.exist.microblockcbe.stone_rod.*                              # (default: true) EXIST item.microblockcbe:stone_rod.name
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.acacia_boat.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Acacia Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.acacia_door.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Acacia Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.air.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Air
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.apple.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Apple
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.armor_stand.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Armor Stand
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.arrow.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Arrow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.baked_potato.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Baked Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bed.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST White Bed
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.beef.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Raw Beef
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.beetroot.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Beetroot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.beetroot_seeds.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Beetroot Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.beetroot_soup.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Beetroot Soup
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.birch_boat.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Birch Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.birch_door.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Birch Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Powder
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Rod
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.boat.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Oak Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bone.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bone
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.book.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bow.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Bow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bowl.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Bowl
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bread.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Bread
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Brewing Stand
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.brick.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Brick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bucket.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cake.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Cake
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.carrot.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Carrot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cauldron.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cauldron
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Chain Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Chain Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Chain Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Chest Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chicken.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Raw Chicken
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chorus_fruit.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chorus_fruit_popped.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Popped Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Clay
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.clock.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Clock
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.coal.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Coal
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.comparator.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.compass.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Compass
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Steak
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_fish.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Fish
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_mutton.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Mutton
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_rabbit.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Rabbit
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cookie.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Cookie
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.dark_oak_boat.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Dark Oak Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Diamond
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.dragon_breath.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Dragon's Breath
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.dye.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Ink Sac
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.egg.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.elytra.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Elytra
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.emerald.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Emerald
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Enchanted Book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.end_crystal.*                                # (default: true) EXIST End Crystal
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Eye of Ender
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Ender Pearl
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.feather.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Feather
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.filled_map.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Map
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Fire Charge
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.firework_charge.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Firework Star
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fireworks.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Firework Rocket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fish.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Raw Fish
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flint.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Flint
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Flint and Steel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Flower Pot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Furnace Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Ghast Tear
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Glass Bottle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Gold Ingot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Gold Nugget
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_apple.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Golden Apple
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Golden Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_boots.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Golden Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Golden Carrot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Golden Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Golden Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Golden Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Golden Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_sword.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Golden Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Gunpowder
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Hopper Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Iron Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Iron Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_door.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Iron Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Iron Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Iron Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Iron Ingot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Iron Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_nugget.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Iron Nugget
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Iron Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Iron Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.item_frame.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Item Frame
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.jungle_boat.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Jungle Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.jungle_door.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Jungle Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.knowledge_book.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Knowledge Book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Lava Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lead.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Lead
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Leather
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_boots.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Leather Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Leather Tunic
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Leather Cap
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Leather Pants
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lingering_potion.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Lingering Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Magma Cream
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.map.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Empty Map
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.melon.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Melon
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Melon Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Milk
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.minecart.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Minecart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.mutton.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Raw Mutton
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.name_tag.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Name Tag
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.nether_star.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Nether Star
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Nether Wart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Nether Brick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.painting.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Painting
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.paper.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Paper
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.porkchop.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.potato.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.potion.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.prismarine_crystals.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Prismarine Crystals
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.prismarine_shard.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Prismarine Shard
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.quartz.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rabbit.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Raw Rabbit
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rabbit_foot.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Rabbit's Foot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rabbit_hide.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Rabbit Hide
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rabbit_stew.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Rabbit Stew
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_11.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_13.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_blocks.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_cat.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_chirp.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_far.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_mall.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_stal.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_strad.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_wait.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_ward.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.redstone.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Redstone
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.reeds.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sugar Canes
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.repeater.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.saddle.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Saddle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.shears.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Shears
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.shield.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Shield
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.shulker_shell.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Shulker Shell
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.sign.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Sign
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.skull.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Slimeball
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.snowball.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Snowball
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Spawn
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Glistering Melon
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spectral_arrow.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Spectral Arrow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Spider Eye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.splash_potion.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Splash Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spruce_boat.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Spruce Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spruce_door.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Spruce Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stick.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Stick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Stone Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Stone Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Stone Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Stone Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.string.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST String
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.sugar.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Sugar
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.tipped_arrow.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Uncraftable Tipped Arrow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                               # (default: true) EXIST TNT Cart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.totem_of_undying.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Totem of Undying
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.water_bucket.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Water Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wheat.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Wheat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Oak Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.writable_book.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Book and Quill
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.written_book.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Written Book
fe.protection.exist.morphtool.tool.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Morphing Tool
fe.protection.exist.omlib.debug_tool.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Debug Tool
fe.protection.exist.omlib.fake_sword.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.fake_sword.name
fe.protection.exist.omlib.multi_tool.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST item.multi_tool.name
fe.protection.exist.opencomputers.card.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Debug Card
fe.protection.exist.opencomputers.component.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Central Processing Unit (CPU) (Tier 1)
fe.protection.exist.opencomputers.hoverboots.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Hover Boots
fe.protection.exist.opencomputers.material.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Cutting Wire
fe.protection.exist.opencomputers.misc.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Tablet
fe.protection.exist.opencomputers.storage.*                                # (default: true) EXIST EEPROM
fe.protection.exist.opencomputers.tool.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Analyzer
fe.protection.exist.opencomputers.upgrade.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Angel Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.opencomputers.wrench.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Scrench
fe.protection.exist.openentity.dnastack.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST DNA Stack
fe.protection.exist.openentity.dnatool.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST DNA Tool
fe.protection.exist.openentity.hotkey.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Hotkey
fe.protection.exist.openentity.interfaceauthority.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Authority
fe.protection.exist.openentity.interfacecosmetic.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Cosmetic
fe.protection.exist.openentity.interfaceenergy.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Energy
fe.protection.exist.openentity.interfaceequipment.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Equipment
fe.protection.exist.openentity.interfaceexperience.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Experience
fe.protection.exist.openentity.interfacefluids.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Fluids
fe.protection.exist.openentity.interfacehotkeys.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Hotkeys
fe.protection.exist.openentity.interfaceinfo.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Info
fe.protection.exist.openentity.interfaceinventory.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Inventory
fe.protection.exist.openentity.interfaceopencomputers.*                    # (default: true) EXIST OpenComputers
fe.protection.exist.openentity.interfaceredstone.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Redstone
fe.protection.exist.openentity.interfacesocial.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Social
fe.protection.exist.openentity.interfaceteleport.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Teleport
fe.protection.exist.openentity.inventorycontroller.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Inventory Controller
fe.protection.exist.openentity.openentitycontroller.*                      # (default: true) EXIST OpenEntity Controller
fe.protection.exist.openentity.openentitytool.*                            # (default: true) EXIST OpenEntity Tool
fe.protection.exist.openentity.redstonecontroller.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Controller
fe.protection.exist.openentity.remote.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Remote
fe.protection.exist.openentity.upgradecapacity_fe.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade Capacity (FE/RF)
fe.protection.exist.openentity.upgradeenderinventory.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade Ender Inventory
fe.protection.exist.openentity.upgradeendertank.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade Ender Tank
fe.protection.exist.openentity.upgraderange.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade Range
fe.protection.exist.openentity.upgradetransferrate_fe.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade Transferrate (FE/RF)
fe.protection.exist.openfm.memorycard.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Memory Card
fe.protection.exist.openfm.radiotuner.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Radio Tuner
fe.protection.exist.openglasses.openglasses.*                              # (default: true) EXIST AR Glasses
fe.protection.exist.openglasses.openglasses_card.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Glasses Terminal Card
fe.protection.exist.openprinter.folder.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Folder
fe.protection.exist.openprinter.paper_shreds.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Paper Shreds
fe.protection.exist.openprinter.printed_page.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Printed Page
fe.protection.exist.openprinter.printer_ink_black.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Black Ink
fe.protection.exist.openprinter.printer_ink_color.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Color Ink
fe.protection.exist.opensecurity.cooldown_upgrade.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Cooldown Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.opensecurity.damage_upgrade.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Damage Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.opensecurity.energy_upgrade.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.opensecurity.mag_card.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Magnetic Strip Card
fe.protection.exist.opensecurity.movement_upgrade.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Movement Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.opensecurity.nanodna.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST NanoDNA
fe.protection.exist.opensecurity.private_secure_door.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Private Security Door
fe.protection.exist.opensecurity.rfid_card.*                               # (default: true) EXIST RFID Card
fe.protection.exist.opensecurity.rfid_reader_card.*                        # (default: true) EXIST RFID Reader Card
fe.protection.exist.opensecurity.secure_door.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Security Door
fe.protection.exist.projectred-core.drawplate.*                            # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.core.drawplate.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-core.multimeter.*                           # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.core.multimeter.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-core.resource_item.*                        # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.core.itemResource.plate.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-core.screwdriver.*                          # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.core.screwdriver.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-expansion.charged_battery.*                 # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.expansion.battery.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-expansion.electric_screwdriver.*            # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.expansion.screwdriverElectric.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-expansion.empty_battery.*                   # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.expansion.batteryEmpty.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-expansion.infused_ender_pearl.*             # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.expansion.enderPearlInfused.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-expansion.jetpack.*                         # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.expansion.jetpack.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-expansion.plan.*                            # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.expansion.plan.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-expansion.solar_panel.*                     # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.expansion.solarPanel.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.athame.*                        # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.athame.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.backpack.*                      # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.backpack|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.diamond_sickle.*                # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.sickleDiamond.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.golden_saw.*                    # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.sawGold.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.golden_sickle.*                 # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.sickleGold.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.iron_sickle.*                   # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.sickleIron.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.peridot_axe.*                   # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.axePeridot.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.peridot_boots.*                 # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.bootsPeridot.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.peridot_chestplate.*            # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.chestplatePeridot.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.peridot_helmet.*                # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.helmetPeridot.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.peridot_hoe.*                   # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.hoePeridot.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.peridot_leggings.*              # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.leggingsPeridot.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.peridot_pickaxe.*               # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.pickaxePeridot.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.peridot_saw.*                   # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.sawPeridot.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.peridot_shovel.*                # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.shovelPeridot.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.peridot_sickle.*                # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.sicklePeridot.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.peridot_sword.*                 # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.swordPeridot.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.ruby_axe.*                      # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.axeRuby.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.ruby_boots.*                    # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.bootsRuby.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.ruby_chestplate.*               # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.chestplateRuby.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.ruby_helmet.*                   # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.helmetRuby.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.ruby_hoe.*                      # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.hoeRuby.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.ruby_leggings.*                 # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.leggingsRuby.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.ruby_pickaxe.*                  # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.pickaxeRuby.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.ruby_saw.*                      # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.sawRuby.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.ruby_shovel.*                   # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.shovelRuby.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.ruby_sickle.*                   # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.sickleRuby.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.ruby_sword.*                    # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.swordRuby.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.sapphire_axe.*                  # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.axeSapphire.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.sapphire_boots.*                # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.bootsSapphire.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.sapphire_chestplate.*           # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.chestplateSapphire.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.sapphire_helmet.*               # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.helmetSapphire.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.sapphire_hoe.*                  # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.hoeSapphire.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.sapphire_leggings.*             # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.leggingsSapphire.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.sapphire_pickaxe.*              # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.pickaxeSapphire.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.sapphire_saw.*                  # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.sawSapphire.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.sapphire_shovel.*               # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.shovelSapphire.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.sapphire_sickle.*               # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.sickleSapphire.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.sapphire_sword.*                # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.swordSapphire.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.stone_sickle.*                  # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.sickleStone.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.wooden_sickle.*                 # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.sickleWood.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-exploration.wool_gin.*                      # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.exploration.woolGin.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-fabrication.ic_blueprint.*                  # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.fabrication.icBlueprint.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-fabrication.ic_chip.*                       # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.fabrication.icChip|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-illumination.cage_lamp.*                    # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.illumination.cageLamp|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-illumination.fallout_lamp.*                 # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.illumination.falloutLamp|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-illumination.feedback_light_button.*        # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.illumination.lightButtonFeedback|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-illumination.fixture_light.*                # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.illumination.fixtureLight|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-illumination.inverted_cage_lamp.*           # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.illumination.cageLampInverted|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-illumination.inverted_fallout_lamp.*        # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.illumination.falloutLampInverted|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-illumination.inverted_fixture_light.*       # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.illumination.fixtureLightInverted|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-illumination.inverted_lantern.*             # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.illumination.lanternInverted|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-illumination.lantern.*                      # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.illumination.lantern|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-illumination.light_button.*                 # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.illumination.lightButton|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-integration.gate.*                          # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.integration.gate|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-transmission.framed_wire.*                  # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.transmission.wireFramed|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-transmission.wire.*                         # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.transmission.wire|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-transportation.pipe.*                       # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.transportation.pipe|0.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-transportation.router_utility.*             # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.transportation.routerUtility.name
fe.protection.exist.projectred-transportation.routing_chip.*               # (default: true) EXIST item.projectred.transportation.routingChip|0.name
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.armor_boots_steel.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Steel Boots
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.armor_chestplate_steel.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.armor_goggles.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.armor_helmet_steel.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Steel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.armor_leggings_steel.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Steel Leggings
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.armor_overalls.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.bore.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.borehead_bronze.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Bore Head
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.borehead_diamond.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.borehead_iron.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.borehead_steel.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_bed.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bed Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_cargo.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cargo Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_chest_metals.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Metals Chest Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_chest_void.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Void Chest Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_gift.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Gift Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_jukebox.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Jukebox Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_pumpkin.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_redstone_flux.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Flux Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_spawner.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Spawner Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_tank.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Tank Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_tnt_wood.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_trade_station.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Trade Station Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.cart_work.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Work Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.charge.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Charge Coil
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.circuit.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Controller Circuit
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.concrete.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bag of Cement
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.dust.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.emblem.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Emblem
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.filter_blank.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Blank Filter
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.filter_ore_dict.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Ore Dictionary Filter
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.filter_type.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Item Type Filter
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.firestone_cracked.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.firestone_cut.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Cut Firestone
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.firestone_raw.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Raw Firestone
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.firestone_refined.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Refined Firestone
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.fluid_bottle_creosote.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.fluid_bottle_steam.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Steam Bottle
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.fuel_coke.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Coal Coke
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.gear.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Brass Gear
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.ingot.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Steel Ingot
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.locomotive_creative.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Perpetuum Locomotive
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.locomotive_electric.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.locomotive_steam_solid.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.mow_track_layer.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.mow_track_relayer.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.mow_track_remover.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.mow_undercutter.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.nugget.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Steel Nugget
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.plate.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Plate
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.rail.*                                       # (default: true) EXIST Standard Rail
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.railbed.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.rebar.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Rebar
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.routing_table.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Routing Table
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.routing_ticket.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Railway Ticket
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.routing_ticket_gold.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.signal_lamp.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Signal Lamp
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tie.*                                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Tie
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_axe_steel.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Steel Axe
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_charge_meter.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Charge Meter
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_crowbar_iron.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Iron Crowbar
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_crowbar_seasons.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Crowbar of Seasons
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_crowbar_steel.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Steel Crowbar
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_hoe_steel.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Steel Hoe
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_magnifying_glass.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_notepad.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Trackman's Notepad
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_pickaxe_steel.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_shears_steel.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Steel Shears
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_shovel_steel.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Steel Shovel
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_signal_label.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Signal Label
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_signal_surveyor.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Signal Surveyor
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_signal_tuner.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Signal Tuner
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_spike_maul_iron.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Spike Maul
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_spike_maul_steel.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Steel Spike Maul
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_stone_carver.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Stone Carver
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_sword_steel.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Steel Sword
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.tool_whistle_tuner.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.track_kit.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Invalid Track Kit
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.track_parts.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Track Parts
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.turbine_blade.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Blade
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.turbine_disk.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Disk
fe.protection.exist.railcraft.turbine_rotor.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.exist.rsgauges.switchlink_pearl.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Switch Link Pearl
fe.protection.exist.sgcraft.configurator.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Configurator
fe.protection.exist.sgcraft.gdo.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Handheld GDO
fe.protection.exist.sgcraft.naquadah.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Naquadah
fe.protection.exist.sgcraft.naquadahingot.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Naquadah Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.exist.sgcraft.pdd.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Personal Dialer Device
fe.protection.exist.sgcraft.pegasus_upgrade.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Pegasus Type Upgrade Crystal
fe.protection.exist.sgcraft.sgchevronupgrade.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Stargate Chevron Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.sgcraft.sgcontrollercrystal.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Stargate Controller Crystal
fe.protection.exist.sgcraft.sgcorecrystal.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Stargate Core Crystal
fe.protection.exist.sgcraft.sgirisblade.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Stargate Iris Blade
fe.protection.exist.sgcraft.sgirisupgrade.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Stargate Iris Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.sgcraft.tollan_phase_shift_device.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Tollan Phase Shift Device
fe.protection.exist.sgcraft.zpm.*                                          # (default: true) EXIST Zero Point Module
fe.protection.exist.testdummy.dummy.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Test Dummy
fe.protection.inventory.*                                                  # (default: true) Allow having item in inventory. Item will be dropped if not allowed.
fe.protection.inventory.akashictome.tome.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Akashic Tome
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.atlasbook.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Atlas
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.atlasplate.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Atlas Plate
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.bibliochase.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Print Press Chase
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.biblioclipboard.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Clipboard
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.bibliocreativelock.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lock and Key
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.bibliodrill.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Screw Gun
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.biblioglasses.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Reading Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.biblioredbook.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.bigbook.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Big Writing Book
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.compass.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Compass
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.deathcompass.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Eternal Compass
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.enchantedplate.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.framingboard.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Framing Board
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.framingsaw.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Framing Saw
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.framingsheet.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Framing Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.handdrill.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Hand Drill
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.maptool.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Drafting Compass
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.paintingcanvas.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Painting Canvas
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.plumbline.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Plumb line
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.printplate.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Print Press Plate
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.recipebook.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.seatback1.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.seatback2.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.seatback3.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.seatback4.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.seatback5.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.slottedbook.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Slotted Book
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.stockroomcatalog.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.tape.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.tapemeasure.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tape Measure
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.testeritem.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.inventory.chesttransporter.chesttransporter.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Chest Transporter
fe.protection.inventory.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_copper.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Chest Transporter
fe.protection.inventory.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_diamond.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Chest Transporter
fe.protection.inventory.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_gold.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Chest Transporter
fe.protection.inventory.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_iron.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Chest Transporter
fe.protection.inventory.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_obsidian.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Chest Transporter
fe.protection.inventory.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_silver.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Chest Transporter
fe.protection.inventory.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_tin.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Chest Transporter
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.chisel_diamond.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.chisel_hitech.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY iChisel
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.chisel_iron.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.offsettool.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Offset Wand
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.bit_bag.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Chiseled Bit Bag
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.bitsaw_diamond.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Bit Saw
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.block_bit.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chiseled Bit
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.chisel_diamond.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.chisel_gold.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.chisel_iron.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.chisel_stone.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.mirrorprint.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Mirror Chisel Design
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.negativeprint.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Negative Chisel Design
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.positiveprint.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Positive Chisel Design
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.tape_measure.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tape Measure
fe.protection.inventory.chiselsandbits.wrench_wood.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.clipboard.clipboard.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Clipboard
fe.protection.inventory.comforts.hammock.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY White Hammock Cloth
fe.protection.inventory.comforts.sleeping_bag.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY White Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.inventory.computronics.oc_parts.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Camera Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.computronics.oc_special_parts.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Magical Memory (Creative)
fe.protection.inventory.computronics.parts.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tape Track
fe.protection.inventory.computronics.portable_tape_drive.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Tape Drive
fe.protection.inventory.computronics.relay_sensor.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Digital Relay Sensor
fe.protection.inventory.computronics.tape.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cassette Tape
fe.protection.inventory.forge.bucketfilled.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.copper_iron_chest_upgrade.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.copper_iron_shulker_upgrade.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper to Iron Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.copper_silver_chest_upgrade.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.copper_silver_shulker_upgrade.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper to Silver Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.diamond_crystal_chest_upgrade.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.diamond_crystal_shulker_upgrade.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond to Crystal Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.diamond_obsidian_chest_upgrade.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.diamond_obsidian_shulker_upgrade.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond to Obsidian Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.gold_diamond_chest_upgrade.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.gold_diamond_shulker_upgrade.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold to Diamond Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.iron_gold_chest_upgrade.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.iron_gold_shulker_upgrade.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron to Gold Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.silver_gold_chest_upgrade.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.silver_gold_shulker_upgrade.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver to Gold Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.vanilla_copper_shulker_upgrade.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanilla to Copper Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.vanilla_iron_shulker_upgrade.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanilla to Iron Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.wood_copper_chest_upgrade.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.wood_iron_chest_upgrade.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.curtain_black.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.curtain_blue.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.curtain_brown.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.curtain_cyan.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.curtain_gray.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Gray Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.curtain_green.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.curtain_light_blue.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.curtain_lime.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.curtain_magenta.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.curtain_orange.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.curtain_pink.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pink Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.curtain_purple.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Purple Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.curtain_red.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Red Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.curtain_silver.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY SilverCurtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.curtain_white.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY White Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.curtain_yellow.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.customdooritem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Custom Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.factory_door.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Factory Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.forcefielditem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Forcefield Controller
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.iron_sliding_door.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.jail_door.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Jail Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.laboratory_door.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Laboratory Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.rustyhandle.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Rusty Handle
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.saloon.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Saloon Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.shoji_door.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Shoji Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.verticalhatch.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Door
fe.protection.inventory.malisisdoors.wood_sliding_door.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.inventory.microblockcbe.microblock.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Unnamed
fe.protection.inventory.microblockcbe.saw_diamond.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.microblockcbe:saw_diamond.name
fe.protection.inventory.microblockcbe.saw_iron.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.microblockcbe:saw_iron.name
fe.protection.inventory.microblockcbe.saw_stone.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.microblockcbe:saw_stone.name
fe.protection.inventory.microblockcbe.stone_rod.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.microblockcbe:stone_rod.name
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.acacia_boat.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Acacia Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.acacia_door.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Acacia Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.air.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Air
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.apple.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.armor_stand.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Armor Stand
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.arrow.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.baked_potato.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bed.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY White Bed
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.beef.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Beef
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.beetroot.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Beetroot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.beetroot_seeds.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Beetroot Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.beetroot_soup.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Beetroot Soup
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.birch_boat.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Birch Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.birch_door.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Birch Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Powder
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Rod
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.boat.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bone.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bone
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.book.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bow.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bowl.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bowl
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bread.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bread
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Brewing Stand
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.brick.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Brick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bucket.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cake.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cake
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.carrot.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cauldron.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cauldron
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chest Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chicken.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chorus_fruit.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chorus_fruit_popped.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Popped Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.clay_ball.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.clock.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Clock
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.coal.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.comparator.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.compass.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Compass
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Steak
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_fish.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Fish
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_mutton.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Mutton
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_rabbit.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Rabbit
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cookie.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.dark_oak_boat.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Oak Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.dragon_breath.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Dragon's Breath
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.dye.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ink Sac
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.egg.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.elytra.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Elytra
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.emerald.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanted Book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.end_crystal.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY End Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ender_eye.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Eye of Ender
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.feather.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Feather
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.filled_map.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Map
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fire_charge.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Charge
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.firework_charge.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Firework Star
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fireworks.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Firework Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fish.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Fish
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flint.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Flint
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Flint and Steel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flower_pot.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Flower Pot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Furnace Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghast Tear
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_apple.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Apple
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_axe.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_boots.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Carrot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_sword.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gunpowder.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Gunpowder
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hopper Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_axe.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_boots.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_door.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_nugget.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_sword.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.item_frame.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Frame
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.jungle_boat.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Jungle Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.jungle_door.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Jungle Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.knowledge_book.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Knowledge Book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lead.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_boots.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Tunic
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Cap
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Pants
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lingering_potion.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lingering Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.magma_cream.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Magma Cream
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.map.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Map
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.melon.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Milk
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.minecart.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.mutton.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Mutton
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.name_tag.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Name Tag
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.nether_star.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Star
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.nether_wart.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Wart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.netherbrick.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Brick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.painting.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Painting
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.paper.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Paper
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.porkchop.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.potato.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.potion.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.prismarine_crystals.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Prismarine Crystals
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.prismarine_shard.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Prismarine Shard
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.quartz.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rabbit.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Rabbit
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rabbit_foot.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Rabbit's Foot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rabbit_hide.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Rabbit Hide
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rabbit_stew.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Rabbit Stew
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_11.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_13.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_blocks.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_cat.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_chirp.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_far.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_mall.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_stal.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_strad.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_wait.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_ward.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.redstone.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.reeds.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar Canes
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.repeater.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.saddle.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Saddle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.shears.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Shears
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.shield.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Shield
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.shulker_shell.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Shulker Shell
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.sign.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Sign
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.skull.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.slime_ball.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Slimeball
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.snowball.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Snowball
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Glistering Melon
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spectral_arrow.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectral Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spider_eye.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Spider Eye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.splash_potion.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Splash Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spruce_boat.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Spruce Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spruce_door.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Spruce Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stick.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Stick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_axe.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_sword.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.string.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY String
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.sugar.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.tipped_arrow.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Uncraftable Tipped Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY TNT Cart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.totem_of_undying.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Totem of Undying
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.water_bucket.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wheat.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wheat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_door.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.writable_book.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Book and Quill
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.written_book.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Written Book
fe.protection.inventory.morphtool.tool.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Morphing Tool
fe.protection.inventory.omlib.debug_tool.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Debug Tool
fe.protection.inventory.omlib.fake_sword.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.fake_sword.name
fe.protection.inventory.omlib.multi_tool.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.multi_tool.name
fe.protection.inventory.opencomputers.card.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Debug Card
fe.protection.inventory.opencomputers.component.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Central Processing Unit (CPU) (Tier 1)
fe.protection.inventory.opencomputers.hoverboots.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Hover Boots
fe.protection.inventory.opencomputers.material.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cutting Wire
fe.protection.inventory.opencomputers.misc.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Tablet
fe.protection.inventory.opencomputers.storage.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY EEPROM
fe.protection.inventory.opencomputers.tool.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Analyzer
fe.protection.inventory.opencomputers.upgrade.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Angel Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.opencomputers.wrench.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Scrench
fe.protection.inventory.openentity.dnastack.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY DNA Stack
fe.protection.inventory.openentity.dnatool.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY DNA Tool
fe.protection.inventory.openentity.hotkey.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Hotkey
fe.protection.inventory.openentity.interfaceauthority.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Authority
fe.protection.inventory.openentity.interfacecosmetic.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cosmetic
fe.protection.inventory.openentity.interfaceenergy.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy
fe.protection.inventory.openentity.interfaceequipment.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Equipment
fe.protection.inventory.openentity.interfaceexperience.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Experience
fe.protection.inventory.openentity.interfacefluids.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Fluids
fe.protection.inventory.openentity.interfacehotkeys.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Hotkeys
fe.protection.inventory.openentity.interfaceinfo.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Info
fe.protection.inventory.openentity.interfaceinventory.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Inventory
fe.protection.inventory.openentity.interfaceopencomputers.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY OpenComputers
fe.protection.inventory.openentity.interfaceredstone.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone
fe.protection.inventory.openentity.interfacesocial.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Social
fe.protection.inventory.openentity.interfaceteleport.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Teleport
fe.protection.inventory.openentity.inventorycontroller.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Inventory Controller
fe.protection.inventory.openentity.openentitycontroller.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY OpenEntity Controller
fe.protection.inventory.openentity.openentitytool.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY OpenEntity Tool
fe.protection.inventory.openentity.redstonecontroller.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Controller
fe.protection.inventory.openentity.remote.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Remote
fe.protection.inventory.openentity.upgradecapacity_fe.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade Capacity (FE/RF)
fe.protection.inventory.openentity.upgradeenderinventory.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade Ender Inventory
fe.protection.inventory.openentity.upgradeendertank.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade Ender Tank
fe.protection.inventory.openentity.upgraderange.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade Range
fe.protection.inventory.openentity.upgradetransferrate_fe.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade Transferrate (FE/RF)
fe.protection.inventory.openfm.memorycard.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Memory Card
fe.protection.inventory.openfm.radiotuner.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Radio Tuner
fe.protection.inventory.openglasses.openglasses.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY AR Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.openglasses.openglasses_card.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Glasses Terminal Card
fe.protection.inventory.openprinter.folder.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Folder
fe.protection.inventory.openprinter.paper_shreds.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Paper Shreds
fe.protection.inventory.openprinter.printed_page.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Printed Page
fe.protection.inventory.openprinter.printer_ink_black.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Ink
fe.protection.inventory.openprinter.printer_ink_color.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Color Ink
fe.protection.inventory.opensecurity.cooldown_upgrade.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooldown Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.opensecurity.damage_upgrade.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Damage Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.opensecurity.energy_upgrade.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.opensecurity.mag_card.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnetic Strip Card
fe.protection.inventory.opensecurity.movement_upgrade.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Movement Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.opensecurity.nanodna.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY NanoDNA
fe.protection.inventory.opensecurity.private_secure_door.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Private Security Door
fe.protection.inventory.opensecurity.rfid_card.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY RFID Card
fe.protection.inventory.opensecurity.rfid_reader_card.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY RFID Reader Card
fe.protection.inventory.opensecurity.secure_door.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Security Door
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-core.drawplate.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.core.drawplate.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-core.multimeter.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.core.multimeter.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-core.resource_item.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.core.itemResource.plate.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-core.screwdriver.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.core.screwdriver.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-expansion.charged_battery.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.expansion.battery.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-expansion.electric_screwdriver.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.expansion.screwdriverElectric.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-expansion.empty_battery.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.expansion.batteryEmpty.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-expansion.infused_ender_pearl.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.expansion.enderPearlInfused.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-expansion.jetpack.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.expansion.jetpack.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-expansion.plan.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.expansion.plan.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-expansion.solar_panel.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.expansion.solarPanel.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.athame.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.athame.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.backpack.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.backpack|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.diamond_sickle.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.sickleDiamond.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.golden_saw.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.sawGold.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.golden_sickle.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.sickleGold.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.iron_sickle.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.sickleIron.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.peridot_axe.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.axePeridot.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.peridot_boots.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.bootsPeridot.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.peridot_chestplate.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.chestplatePeridot.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.peridot_helmet.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.helmetPeridot.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.peridot_hoe.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.hoePeridot.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.peridot_leggings.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.leggingsPeridot.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.peridot_pickaxe.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.pickaxePeridot.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.peridot_saw.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.sawPeridot.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.peridot_shovel.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.shovelPeridot.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.peridot_sickle.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.sicklePeridot.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.peridot_sword.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.swordPeridot.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.ruby_axe.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.axeRuby.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.ruby_boots.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.bootsRuby.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.ruby_chestplate.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.chestplateRuby.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.ruby_helmet.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.helmetRuby.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.ruby_hoe.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.hoeRuby.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.ruby_leggings.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.leggingsRuby.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.ruby_pickaxe.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.pickaxeRuby.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.ruby_saw.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.sawRuby.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.ruby_shovel.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.shovelRuby.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.ruby_sickle.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.sickleRuby.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.ruby_sword.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.swordRuby.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.sapphire_axe.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.axeSapphire.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.sapphire_boots.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.bootsSapphire.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.sapphire_chestplate.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.chestplateSapphire.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.sapphire_helmet.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.helmetSapphire.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.sapphire_hoe.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.hoeSapphire.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.sapphire_leggings.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.leggingsSapphire.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.sapphire_pickaxe.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.pickaxeSapphire.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.sapphire_saw.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.sawSapphire.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.sapphire_shovel.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.shovelSapphire.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.sapphire_sickle.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.sickleSapphire.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.sapphire_sword.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.swordSapphire.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.stone_sickle.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.sickleStone.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.wooden_sickle.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.sickleWood.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-exploration.wool_gin.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.exploration.woolGin.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-fabrication.ic_blueprint.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.fabrication.icBlueprint.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-fabrication.ic_chip.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.fabrication.icChip|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-illumination.cage_lamp.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.illumination.cageLamp|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-illumination.fallout_lamp.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.illumination.falloutLamp|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-illumination.feedback_light_button.*    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.illumination.lightButtonFeedback|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-illumination.fixture_light.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.illumination.fixtureLight|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-illumination.inverted_cage_lamp.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.illumination.cageLampInverted|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-illumination.inverted_fallout_lamp.*    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.illumination.falloutLampInverted|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-illumination.inverted_fixture_light.*   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.illumination.fixtureLightInverted|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-illumination.inverted_lantern.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.illumination.lanternInverted|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-illumination.lantern.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.illumination.lantern|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-illumination.light_button.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.illumination.lightButton|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-integration.gate.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.integration.gate|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-transmission.framed_wire.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.transmission.wireFramed|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-transmission.wire.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.transmission.wire|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-transportation.pipe.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.transportation.pipe|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-transportation.router_utility.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.transportation.routerUtility.name
fe.protection.inventory.projectred-transportation.routing_chip.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.projectred.transportation.routingChip|0.name
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.armor_boots_steel.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.armor_chestplate_steel.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.armor_goggles.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.armor_helmet_steel.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.armor_leggings_steel.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.armor_overalls.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.bore.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.borehead_bronze.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Bore Head
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.borehead_diamond.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.borehead_iron.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.borehead_steel.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_bed.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bed Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_cargo.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cargo Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_chest_metals.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Metals Chest Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_chest_void.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Chest Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_gift.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Gift Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_jukebox.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Jukebox Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_pumpkin.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_redstone_flux.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Flux Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_spawner.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawner Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_tank.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Tank Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_tnt_wood.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_trade_station.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Trade Station Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.cart_work.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Work Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.charge.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Charge Coil
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.circuit.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Controller Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.concrete.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bag of Cement
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.dust.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.emblem.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Emblem
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.filter_blank.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Filter
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.filter_ore_dict.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ore Dictionary Filter
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.filter_type.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Type Filter
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.firestone_cracked.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.firestone_cut.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cut Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.firestone_raw.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.firestone_refined.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Refined Firestone
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.fluid_bottle_creosote.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.fluid_bottle_steam.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Steam Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.fuel_coke.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Coke
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.gear.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Brass Gear
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.ingot.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.locomotive_creative.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Perpetuum Locomotive
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.locomotive_electric.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.locomotive_steam_solid.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.mow_track_layer.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.mow_track_relayer.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.mow_track_remover.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.mow_undercutter.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.nugget.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.plate.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Plate
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.rail.*                                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Standard Rail
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.railbed.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.rebar.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Rebar
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.routing_table.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Routing Table
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.routing_ticket.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Railway Ticket
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.routing_ticket_gold.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.signal_lamp.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Lamp
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tie.*                                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Tie
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_axe_steel.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Axe
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_charge_meter.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Charge Meter
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_crowbar_iron.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Crowbar
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_crowbar_seasons.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Crowbar of Seasons
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_crowbar_steel.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Crowbar
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_hoe_steel.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_magnifying_glass.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_notepad.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Trackman's Notepad
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_pickaxe_steel.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_shears_steel.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Shears
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_shovel_steel.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_signal_label.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Label
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_signal_surveyor.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Surveyor
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_signal_tuner.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Signal Tuner
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_spike_maul_iron.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Spike Maul
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_spike_maul_steel.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Spike Maul
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_stone_carver.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Carver
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_sword_steel.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Sword
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.tool_whistle_tuner.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.track_kit.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Invalid Track Kit
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.track_parts.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Track Parts
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.turbine_blade.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Blade
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.turbine_disk.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Disk
fe.protection.inventory.railcraft.turbine_rotor.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.inventory.rsgauges.switchlink_pearl.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Switch Link Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.sgcraft.configurator.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Configurator
fe.protection.inventory.sgcraft.gdo.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Handheld GDO
fe.protection.inventory.sgcraft.naquadah.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Naquadah
fe.protection.inventory.sgcraft.naquadahingot.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Naquadah Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.sgcraft.pdd.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Personal Dialer Device
fe.protection.inventory.sgcraft.pegasus_upgrade.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pegasus Type Upgrade Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.sgcraft.sgchevronupgrade.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Stargate Chevron Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.sgcraft.sgcontrollercrystal.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Stargate Controller Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.sgcraft.sgcorecrystal.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Stargate Core Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.sgcraft.sgirisblade.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Stargate Iris Blade
fe.protection.inventory.sgcraft.sgirisupgrade.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Stargate Iris Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.sgcraft.tollan_phase_shift_device.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Tollan Phase Shift Device
fe.protection.inventory.sgcraft.zpm.*                                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Zero Point Module
fe.protection.inventory.testdummy.dummy.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Test Dummy
fe.protection.inventorygroup                                               # (default: default) Inventory group property - can be set to any identifier to separate inventories for certain regions
fe.protection.use.*                                                        # (default: true) Allow using items
fe.protection.use.akashictome.tome.*                                       # (default: true) USE Akashic Tome
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.atlasbook.*                                  # (default: true) USE Atlas
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.atlasplate.*                                 # (default: true) USE Atlas Plate
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.bibliochase.*                                # (default: true) USE Print Press Chase
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.biblioclipboard.*                            # (default: true) USE Clipboard
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.bibliocreativelock.*                         # (default: true) USE Lock and Key
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.bibliodrill.*                                # (default: true) USE Screw Gun
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.biblioglasses.*                              # (default: true) USE Reading Glasses
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.biblioredbook.*                              # (default: true) USE Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.bigbook.*                                    # (default: true) USE Big Writing Book
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.compass.*                                    # (default: true) USE Compass
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.deathcompass.*                               # (default: true) USE Eternal Compass
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.enchantedplate.*                             # (default: true) USE Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.framingboard.*                               # (default: true) USE Framing Board
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.framingsaw.*                                 # (default: true) USE Framing Saw
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.framingsheet.*                               # (default: true) USE Framing Sheet
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.handdrill.*                                  # (default: true) USE Hand Drill
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.maptool.*                                    # (default: true) USE Drafting Compass
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.paintingcanvas.*                             # (default: true) USE Painting Canvas
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.plumbline.*                                  # (default: true) USE Plumb line
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.printplate.*                                 # (default: true) USE Print Press Plate
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.recipebook.*                                 # (default: true) USE Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.seatback1.*                                  # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.seatback2.*                                  # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.seatback3.*                                  # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.seatback4.*                                  # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.seatback5.*                                  # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.slottedbook.*                                # (default: true) USE Slotted Book
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.stockroomcatalog.*                           # (default: true) USE Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.tape.*                                       # (default: true) USE Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.tapemeasure.*                                # (default: true) USE Tape Measure
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.testeritem.*                                 # (default: true) USE ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.use.chesttransporter.chesttransporter.*                      # (default: true) USE Wooden Chest Transporter
fe.protection.use.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_copper.*               # (default: true) USE Copper Chest Transporter
fe.protection.use.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_diamond.*              # (default: true) USE Diamond Chest Transporter
fe.protection.use.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_gold.*                 # (default: true) USE Golden Chest Transporter
fe.protection.use.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_iron.*                 # (default: true) USE Iron Chest Transporter
fe.protection.use.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_obsidian.*             # (default: true) USE Obsidian Chest Transporter
fe.protection.use.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_silver.*               # (default: true) USE Silver Chest Transporter
fe.protection.use.chesttransporter.chesttransporter_tin.*                  # (default: true) USE Tin Chest Transporter
fe.protection.use.chisel.chisel_diamond.*                                  # (default: true) USE Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.use.chisel.chisel_hitech.*                                   # (default: true) USE iChisel
fe.protection.use.chisel.chisel_iron.*                                     # (default: true) USE Chisel
fe.protection.use.chisel.offsettool.*                                      # (default: true) USE Ender Offset Wand
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.bit_bag.*                                 # (default: true) USE Chiseled Bit Bag
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.bitsaw_diamond.*                          # (default: true) USE Diamond Bit Saw
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.block_bit.*                               # (default: true) USE Chiseled Bit
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.chisel_diamond.*                          # (default: true) USE Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.chisel_gold.*                             # (default: true) USE Golden Chisel
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.chisel_iron.*                             # (default: true) USE Iron Chisel
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.chisel_stone.*                            # (default: true) USE Stone Chisel
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.mirrorprint.*                             # (default: true) USE Mirror Chisel Design
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.negativeprint.*                           # (default: true) USE Negative Chisel Design
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.positiveprint.*                           # (default: true) USE Positive Chisel Design
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.tape_measure.*                            # (default: true) USE Tape Measure
fe.protection.use.chiselsandbits.wrench_wood.*                             # (default: true) USE Wooden Wrench
fe.protection.use.clipboard.clipboard.*                                    # (default: true) USE Clipboard
fe.protection.use.comforts.hammock.*                                       # (default: true) USE White Hammock Cloth
fe.protection.use.comforts.sleeping_bag.*                                  # (default: true) USE White Sleeping Bag
fe.protection.use.computronics.oc_parts.*                                  # (default: true) USE Camera Upgrade
fe.protection.use.computronics.oc_special_parts.*                          # (default: true) USE Magical Memory (Creative)
fe.protection.use.computronics.parts.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tape Track
fe.protection.use.computronics.portable_tape_drive.*                       # (default: true) USE Portable Tape Drive
fe.protection.use.computronics.relay_sensor.*                              # (default: true) USE Digital Relay Sensor
fe.protection.use.computronics.tape.*                                      # (default: true) USE Cassette Tape
fe.protection.use.forge.bucketfilled.*                                     # (default: true) USE Bucket
fe.protection.use.ironchest.copper_iron_chest_upgrade.*                    # (default: true) USE Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.copper_iron_shulker_upgrade.*                  # (default: true) USE Copper to Iron Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.copper_silver_chest_upgrade.*                  # (default: true) USE Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.copper_silver_shulker_upgrade.*                # (default: true) USE Copper to Silver Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.diamond_crystal_chest_upgrade.*                # (default: true) USE Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.diamond_crystal_shulker_upgrade.*              # (default: true) USE Diamond to Crystal Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.diamond_obsidian_chest_upgrade.*               # (default: true) USE Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.diamond_obsidian_shulker_upgrade.*             # (default: true) USE Diamond to Obsidian Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.gold_diamond_chest_upgrade.*                   # (default: true) USE Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.gold_diamond_shulker_upgrade.*                 # (default: true) USE Gold to Diamond Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.iron_gold_chest_upgrade.*                      # (default: true) USE Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.iron_gold_shulker_upgrade.*                    # (default: true) USE Iron to Gold Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.silver_gold_chest_upgrade.*                    # (default: true) USE Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.silver_gold_shulker_upgrade.*                  # (default: true) USE Silver to Gold Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.vanilla_copper_shulker_upgrade.*               # (default: true) USE Vanilla to Copper Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.vanilla_iron_shulker_upgrade.*                 # (default: true) USE Vanilla to Iron Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.wood_copper_chest_upgrade.*                    # (default: true) USE Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.wood_iron_chest_upgrade.*                      # (default: true) USE Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.curtain_black.*                             # (default: true) USE Black Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.curtain_blue.*                              # (default: true) USE Blue Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.curtain_brown.*                             # (default: true) USE Brown Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.curtain_cyan.*                              # (default: true) USE Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.curtain_gray.*                              # (default: true) USE Gray Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.curtain_green.*                             # (default: true) USE Green Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.curtain_light_blue.*                        # (default: true) USE Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.curtain_lime.*                              # (default: true) USE Lime Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.curtain_magenta.*                           # (default: true) USE Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.curtain_orange.*                            # (default: true) USE Orange Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.curtain_pink.*                              # (default: true) USE Pink Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.curtain_purple.*                            # (default: true) USE Purple Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.curtain_red.*                               # (default: true) USE Red Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.curtain_silver.*                            # (default: true) USE SilverCurtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.curtain_white.*                             # (default: true) USE White Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.curtain_yellow.*                            # (default: true) USE Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.customdooritem.*                            # (default: true) USE Custom Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.factory_door.*                              # (default: true) USE Factory Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.forcefielditem.*                            # (default: true) USE Forcefield Controller
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.iron_sliding_door.*                         # (default: true) USE Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.jail_door.*                                 # (default: true) USE Jail Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.laboratory_door.*                           # (default: true) USE Laboratory Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.rustyhandle.*                               # (default: true) USE Rusty Handle
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.saloon.*                                    # (default: true) USE Saloon Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.shoji_door.*                                # (default: true) USE Shoji Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.verticalhatch.*                             # (default: true) USE Reinforced Door
fe.protection.use.malisisdoors.wood_sliding_door.*                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.use.microblockcbe.microblock.*                               # (default: true) USE Unnamed
fe.protection.use.microblockcbe.saw_diamond.*                              # (default: true) USE item.microblockcbe:saw_diamond.name
fe.protection.use.microblockcbe.saw_iron.*                                 # (default: true) USE item.microblockcbe:saw_iron.name
fe.protection.use.microblockcbe.saw_stone.*                                # (default: true) USE item.microblockcbe:saw_stone.name
fe.protection.use.microblockcbe.stone_rod.*                                # (default: true) USE item.microblockcbe:stone_rod.name
fe.protection.use.minecraft.acacia_boat.*                                  # (default: true) USE Acacia Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.acacia_door.*                                  # (default: true) USE Acacia Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.air.*                                          # (default: true) USE Air
fe.protection.use.minecraft.apple.*                                        # (default: true) USE Apple
fe.protection.use.minecraft.armor_stand.*                                  # (default: true) USE Armor Stand
fe.protection.use.minecraft.arrow.*                                        # (default: true) USE Arrow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.baked_potato.*                                 # (default: true) USE Baked Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bed.*                                          # (default: true) USE White Bed
fe.protection.use.minecraft.beef.*                                         # (default: true) USE Raw Beef
fe.protection.use.minecraft.beetroot.*                                     # (default: true) USE Beetroot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.beetroot_seeds.*                               # (default: true) USE Beetroot Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.beetroot_soup.*                                # (default: true) USE Beetroot Soup
fe.protection.use.minecraft.birch_boat.*                                   # (default: true) USE Birch Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.birch_door.*                                   # (default: true) USE Birch Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                                 # (default: true) USE Blaze Powder
fe.protection.use.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                    # (default: true) USE Blaze Rod
fe.protection.use.minecraft.boat.*                                         # (default: true) USE Oak Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bone.*                                         # (default: true) USE Bone
fe.protection.use.minecraft.book.*                                         # (default: true) USE Book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bow.*                                          # (default: true) USE Bow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bowl.*                                         # (default: true) USE Bowl
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bread.*                                        # (default: true) USE Bread
fe.protection.use.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                # (default: true) USE Brewing Stand
fe.protection.use.minecraft.brick.*                                        # (default: true) USE Brick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bucket.*                                       # (default: true) USE Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cake.*                                         # (default: true) USE Cake
fe.protection.use.minecraft.carrot.*                                       # (default: true) USE Carrot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                            # (default: true) USE Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cauldron.*                                     # (default: true) USE Cauldron
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                              # (default: true) USE Chain Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                         # (default: true) USE Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                             # (default: true) USE Chain Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                           # (default: true) USE Chain Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                               # (default: true) USE Chest Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chicken.*                                      # (default: true) USE Raw Chicken
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chorus_fruit.*                                 # (default: true) USE Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chorus_fruit_popped.*                          # (default: true) USE Popped Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.use.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                    # (default: true) USE Clay
fe.protection.use.minecraft.clock.*                                        # (default: true) USE Clock
fe.protection.use.minecraft.coal.*                                         # (default: true) USE Coal
fe.protection.use.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                       # (default: true) USE Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.use.minecraft.comparator.*                                   # (default: true) USE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.use.minecraft.compass.*                                      # (default: true) USE Compass
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                                  # (default: true) USE Steak
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                               # (default: true) USE Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_fish.*                                  # (default: true) USE Cooked Fish
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_mutton.*                                # (default: true) USE Cooked Mutton
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                              # (default: true) USE Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_rabbit.*                                # (default: true) USE Cooked Rabbit
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cookie.*                                       # (default: true) USE Cookie
fe.protection.use.minecraft.dark_oak_boat.*                                # (default: true) USE Dark Oak Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                                # (default: true) USE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond.*                                      # (default: true) USE Diamond
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                                  # (default: true) USE Diamond Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                                # (default: true) USE Diamond Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                           # (default: true) USE Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                               # (default: true) USE Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                                  # (default: true) USE Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                          # (default: true) USE Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                             # (default: true) USE Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                              # (default: true) USE Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                               # (default: true) USE Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                                # (default: true) USE Diamond Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.dragon_breath.*                                # (default: true) USE Dragon's Breath
fe.protection.use.minecraft.dye.*                                          # (default: true) USE Ink Sac
fe.protection.use.minecraft.egg.*                                          # (default: true) USE Egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.elytra.*                                       # (default: true) USE Elytra
fe.protection.use.minecraft.emerald.*                                      # (default: true) USE Emerald
fe.protection.use.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                               # (default: true) USE Enchanted Book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.end_crystal.*                                  # (default: true) USE End Crystal
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                    # (default: true) USE Eye of Ender
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                                  # (default: true) USE Ender Pearl
fe.protection.use.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                            # (default: true) USE Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.use.minecraft.feather.*                                      # (default: true) USE Feather
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                         # (default: true) USE Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.filled_map.*                                   # (default: true) USE Map
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fire_charge.*                                  # (default: true) USE Fire Charge
fe.protection.use.minecraft.firework_charge.*                              # (default: true) USE Firework Star
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fireworks.*                                    # (default: true) USE Firework Rocket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fish.*                                         # (default: true) USE Raw Fish
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                                  # (default: true) USE Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flint.*                                        # (default: true) USE Flint
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                              # (default: true) USE Flint and Steel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                   # (default: true) USE Flower Pot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                             # (default: true) USE Furnace Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                                   # (default: true) USE Ghast Tear
fe.protection.use.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                                 # (default: true) USE Glass Bottle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                               # (default: true) USE Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                                   # (default: true) USE Gold Ingot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                                  # (default: true) USE Gold Nugget
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_apple.*                                 # (default: true) USE Golden Apple
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_axe.*                                   # (default: true) USE Golden Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_boots.*                                 # (default: true) USE Golden Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                                # (default: true) USE Golden Carrot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                            # (default: true) USE Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                                # (default: true) USE Golden Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                                   # (default: true) USE Golden Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                           # (default: true) USE Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                              # (default: true) USE Golden Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                               # (default: true) USE Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                                # (default: true) USE Golden Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_sword.*                                 # (default: true) USE Golden Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                    # (default: true) USE Gunpowder
fe.protection.use.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                              # (default: true) USE Hopper Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                     # (default: true) USE Iron Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_boots.*                                   # (default: true) USE Iron Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                              # (default: true) USE Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_door.*                                    # (default: true) USE Iron Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                                  # (default: true) USE Iron Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                     # (default: true) USE Iron Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                             # (default: true) USE Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                                   # (default: true) USE Iron Ingot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                                # (default: true) USE Iron Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_nugget.*                                  # (default: true) USE Iron Nugget
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                                 # (default: true) USE Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                                  # (default: true) USE Iron Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_sword.*                                   # (default: true) USE Iron Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.item_frame.*                                   # (default: true) USE Item Frame
fe.protection.use.minecraft.jungle_boat.*                                  # (default: true) USE Jungle Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.jungle_door.*                                  # (default: true) USE Jungle Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.knowledge_book.*                               # (default: true) USE Knowledge Book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                                  # (default: true) USE Lava Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lead.*                                         # (default: true) USE Lead
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather.*                                      # (default: true) USE Leather
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_boots.*                                # (default: true) USE Leather Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                           # (default: true) USE Leather Tunic
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                               # (default: true) USE Leather Cap
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                             # (default: true) USE Leather Pants
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lingering_potion.*                             # (default: true) USE Lingering Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.use.minecraft.magma_cream.*                                  # (default: true) USE Magma Cream
fe.protection.use.minecraft.map.*                                          # (default: true) USE Empty Map
fe.protection.use.minecraft.melon.*                                        # (default: true) USE Melon
fe.protection.use.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) USE Melon Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                                  # (default: true) USE Milk
fe.protection.use.minecraft.minecart.*                                     # (default: true) USE Minecart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                                # (default: true) USE Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.use.minecraft.mutton.*                                       # (default: true) USE Raw Mutton
fe.protection.use.minecraft.name_tag.*                                     # (default: true) USE Name Tag
fe.protection.use.minecraft.nether_star.*                                  # (default: true) USE Nether Star
fe.protection.use.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                  # (default: true) USE Nether Wart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.netherbrick.*                                  # (default: true) USE Nether Brick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.painting.*                                     # (default: true) USE Painting
fe.protection.use.minecraft.paper.*                                        # (default: true) USE Paper
fe.protection.use.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                             # (default: true) USE Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.porkchop.*                                     # (default: true) USE Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.use.minecraft.potato.*                                       # (default: true) USE Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.potion.*                                       # (default: true) USE Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.use.minecraft.prismarine_crystals.*                          # (default: true) USE Prismarine Crystals
fe.protection.use.minecraft.prismarine_shard.*                             # (default: true) USE Prismarine Shard
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                                  # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                                # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.quartz.*                                       # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rabbit.*                                       # (default: true) USE Raw Rabbit
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rabbit_foot.*                                  # (default: true) USE Rabbit's Foot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rabbit_hide.*                                  # (default: true) USE Rabbit Hide
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rabbit_stew.*                                  # (default: true) USE Rabbit Stew
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_11.*                                    # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_13.*                                    # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_blocks.*                                # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_cat.*                                   # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_chirp.*                                 # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_far.*                                   # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_mall.*                                  # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                               # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_stal.*                                  # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_strad.*                                 # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_wait.*                                  # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_ward.*                                  # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.redstone.*                                     # (default: true) USE Redstone
fe.protection.use.minecraft.reeds.*                                        # (default: true) USE Sugar Canes
fe.protection.use.minecraft.repeater.*                                     # (default: true) USE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                                 # (default: true) USE Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.use.minecraft.saddle.*                                       # (default: true) USE Saddle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.shears.*                                       # (default: true) USE Shears
fe.protection.use.minecraft.shield.*                                       # (default: true) USE Shield
fe.protection.use.minecraft.shulker_shell.*                                # (default: true) USE Shulker Shell
fe.protection.use.minecraft.sign.*                                         # (default: true) USE Sign
fe.protection.use.minecraft.skull.*                                        # (default: true) USE Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.use.minecraft.slime_ball.*                                   # (default: true) USE Slimeball
fe.protection.use.minecraft.snowball.*                                     # (default: true) USE Snowball
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                    # (default: true) USE Spawn
fe.protection.use.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                               # (default: true) USE Glistering Melon
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spectral_arrow.*                               # (default: true) USE Spectral Arrow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spider_eye.*                                   # (default: true) USE Spider Eye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.splash_potion.*                                # (default: true) USE Splash Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spruce_boat.*                                  # (default: true) USE Spruce Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spruce_door.*                                  # (default: true) USE Spruce Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stick.*                                        # (default: true) USE Stick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                    # (default: true) USE Stone Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                    # (default: true) USE Stone Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                                # (default: true) USE Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                                 # (default: true) USE Stone Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_sword.*                                  # (default: true) USE Stone Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.string.*                                       # (default: true) USE String
fe.protection.use.minecraft.sugar.*                                        # (default: true) USE Sugar
fe.protection.use.minecraft.tipped_arrow.*                                 # (default: true) USE Uncraftable Tipped Arrow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                                 # (default: true) USE TNT Cart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.totem_of_undying.*                             # (default: true) USE Totem of Undying
fe.protection.use.minecraft.water_bucket.*                                 # (default: true) USE Water Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wheat.*                                        # (default: true) USE Wheat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                                  # (default: true) USE Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                                   # (default: true) USE Wooden Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                  # (default: true) USE Oak Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                                   # (default: true) USE Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                               # (default: true) USE Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                                # (default: true) USE Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                                 # (default: true) USE Wooden Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.writable_book.*                                # (default: true) USE Book and Quill
fe.protection.use.minecraft.written_book.*                                 # (default: true) USE Written Book
fe.protection.use.morphtool.tool.*                                         # (default: true) USE Morphing Tool
fe.protection.use.omlib.debug_tool.*                                       # (default: true) USE Debug Tool
fe.protection.use.omlib.fake_sword.*                                       # (default: true) USE item.fake_sword.name
fe.protection.use.omlib.multi_tool.*                                       # (default: true) USE item.multi_tool.name
fe.protection.use.opencomputers.card.*                                     # (default: true) USE Debug Card
fe.protection.use.opencomputers.component.*                                # (default: true) USE Central Processing Unit (CPU) (Tier 1)
fe.protection.use.opencomputers.hoverboots.*                               # (default: true) USE Hover Boots
fe.protection.use.opencomputers.material.*                                 # (default: true) USE Cutting Wire
fe.protection.use.opencomputers.misc.*                                     # (default: true) USE Tablet
fe.protection.use.opencomputers.storage.*                                  # (default: true) USE EEPROM
fe.protection.use.opencomputers.tool.*                                     # (default: true) USE Analyzer
fe.protection.use.opencomputers.upgrade.*                                  # (default: true) USE Angel Upgrade
fe.protection.use.opencomputers.wrench.*                                   # (default: true) USE Scrench
fe.protection.use.openentity.dnastack.*                                    # (default: true) USE DNA Stack
fe.protection.use.openentity.dnatool.*                                     # (default: true) USE DNA Tool
fe.protection.use.openentity.hotkey.*                                      # (default: true) USE Hotkey
fe.protection.use.openentity.interfaceauthority.*                          # (default: true) USE Authority
fe.protection.use.openentity.interfacecosmetic.*                           # (default: true) USE Cosmetic
fe.protection.use.openentity.interfaceenergy.*                             # (default: true) USE Energy
fe.protection.use.openentity.interfaceequipment.*                          # (default: true) USE Equipment
fe.protection.use.openentity.interfaceexperience.*                         # (default: true) USE Experience
fe.protection.use.openentity.interfacefluids.*                             # (default: true) USE Fluids
fe.protection.use.openentity.interfacehotkeys.*                            # (default: true) USE Hotkeys
fe.protection.use.openentity.interfaceinfo.*                               # (default: true) USE Info
fe.protection.use.openentity.interfaceinventory.*                          # (default: true) USE Inventory
fe.protection.use.openentity.interfaceopencomputers.*                      # (default: true) USE OpenComputers
fe.protection.use.openentity.interfaceredstone.*                           # (default: true) USE Redstone
fe.protection.use.openentity.interfacesocial.*                             # (default: true) USE Social
fe.protection.use.openentity.interfaceteleport.*                           # (default: true) USE Teleport
fe.protection.use.openentity.inventorycontroller.*                         # (default: true) USE Inventory Controller
fe.protection.use.openentity.openentitycontroller.*                        # (default: true) USE OpenEntity Controller
fe.protection.use.openentity.openentitytool.*                              # (default: true) USE OpenEntity Tool
fe.protection.use.openentity.redstonecontroller.*                          # (default: true) USE Redstone Controller
fe.protection.use.openentity.remote.*                                      # (default: true) USE Remote
fe.protection.use.openentity.upgradecapacity_fe.*                          # (default: true) USE Upgrade Capacity (FE/RF)
fe.protection.use.openentity.upgradeenderinventory.*                       # (default: true) USE Upgrade Ender Inventory
fe.protection.use.openentity.upgradeendertank.*                            # (default: true) USE Upgrade Ender Tank
fe.protection.use.openentity.upgraderange.*                                # (default: true) USE Upgrade Range
fe.protection.use.openentity.upgradetransferrate_fe.*                      # (default: true) USE Upgrade Transferrate (FE/RF)
fe.protection.use.openfm.memorycard.*                                      # (default: true) USE Memory Card
fe.protection.use.openfm.radiotuner.*                                      # (default: true) USE Radio Tuner
fe.protection.use.openglasses.openglasses.*                                # (default: true) USE AR Glasses
fe.protection.use.openglasses.openglasses_card.*                           # (default: true) USE Glasses Terminal Card
fe.protection.use.openprinter.folder.*                                     # (default: true) USE Folder
fe.protection.use.openprinter.paper_shreds.*                               # (default: true) USE Paper Shreds
fe.protection.use.openprinter.printed_page.*                               # (default: true) USE Printed Page
fe.protection.use.openprinter.printer_ink_black.*                          # (default: true) USE Black Ink
fe.protection.use.openprinter.printer_ink_color.*                          # (default: true) USE Color Ink
fe.protection.use.opensecurity.cooldown_upgrade.*                          # (default: true) USE Cooldown Upgrade
fe.protection.use.opensecurity.damage_upgrade.*                            # (default: true) USE Damage Upgrade
fe.protection.use.opensecurity.energy_upgrade.*                            # (default: true) USE Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.use.opensecurity.mag_card.*                                  # (default: true) USE Magnetic Strip Card
fe.protection.use.opensecurity.movement_upgrade.*                          # (default: true) USE Movement Upgrade
fe.protection.use.opensecurity.nanodna.*                                   # (default: true) USE NanoDNA
fe.protection.use.opensecurity.private_secure_door.*                       # (default: true) USE Private Security Door
fe.protection.use.opensecurity.rfid_card.*                                 # (default: true) USE RFID Card
fe.protection.use.opensecurity.rfid_reader_card.*                          # (default: true) USE RFID Reader Card
fe.protection.use.opensecurity.secure_door.*                               # (default: true) USE Security Door
fe.protection.use.projectred-core.drawplate.*                              # (default: true) USE item.projectred.core.drawplate.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-core.multimeter.*                             # (default: true) USE item.projectred.core.multimeter.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-core.resource_item.*                          # (default: true) USE item.projectred.core.itemResource.plate.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-core.screwdriver.*                            # (default: true) USE item.projectred.core.screwdriver.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-expansion.charged_battery.*                   # (default: true) USE item.projectred.expansion.battery.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-expansion.electric_screwdriver.*              # (default: true) USE item.projectred.expansion.screwdriverElectric.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-expansion.empty_battery.*                     # (default: true) USE item.projectred.expansion.batteryEmpty.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-expansion.infused_ender_pearl.*               # (default: true) USE item.projectred.expansion.enderPearlInfused.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-expansion.jetpack.*                           # (default: true) USE item.projectred.expansion.jetpack.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-expansion.plan.*                              # (default: true) USE item.projectred.expansion.plan.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-expansion.solar_panel.*                       # (default: true) USE item.projectred.expansion.solarPanel.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.athame.*                          # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.athame.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.backpack.*                        # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.backpack|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.diamond_sickle.*                  # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.sickleDiamond.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.golden_saw.*                      # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.sawGold.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.golden_sickle.*                   # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.sickleGold.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.iron_sickle.*                     # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.sickleIron.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.peridot_axe.*                     # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.axePeridot.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.peridot_boots.*                   # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.bootsPeridot.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.peridot_chestplate.*              # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.chestplatePeridot.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.peridot_helmet.*                  # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.helmetPeridot.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.peridot_hoe.*                     # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.hoePeridot.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.peridot_leggings.*                # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.leggingsPeridot.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.peridot_pickaxe.*                 # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.pickaxePeridot.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.peridot_saw.*                     # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.sawPeridot.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.peridot_shovel.*                  # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.shovelPeridot.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.peridot_sickle.*                  # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.sicklePeridot.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.peridot_sword.*                   # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.swordPeridot.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.ruby_axe.*                        # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.axeRuby.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.ruby_boots.*                      # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.bootsRuby.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.ruby_chestplate.*                 # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.chestplateRuby.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.ruby_helmet.*                     # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.helmetRuby.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.ruby_hoe.*                        # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.hoeRuby.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.ruby_leggings.*                   # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.leggingsRuby.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.ruby_pickaxe.*                    # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.pickaxeRuby.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.ruby_saw.*                        # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.sawRuby.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.ruby_shovel.*                     # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.shovelRuby.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.ruby_sickle.*                     # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.sickleRuby.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.ruby_sword.*                      # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.swordRuby.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.sapphire_axe.*                    # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.axeSapphire.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.sapphire_boots.*                  # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.bootsSapphire.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.sapphire_chestplate.*             # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.chestplateSapphire.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.sapphire_helmet.*                 # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.helmetSapphire.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.sapphire_hoe.*                    # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.hoeSapphire.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.sapphire_leggings.*               # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.leggingsSapphire.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.sapphire_pickaxe.*                # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.pickaxeSapphire.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.sapphire_saw.*                    # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.sawSapphire.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.sapphire_shovel.*                 # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.shovelSapphire.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.sapphire_sickle.*                 # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.sickleSapphire.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.sapphire_sword.*                  # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.swordSapphire.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.stone_sickle.*                    # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.sickleStone.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.wooden_sickle.*                   # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.sickleWood.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-exploration.wool_gin.*                        # (default: true) USE item.projectred.exploration.woolGin.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-fabrication.ic_blueprint.*                    # (default: true) USE item.projectred.fabrication.icBlueprint.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-fabrication.ic_chip.*                         # (default: true) USE item.projectred.fabrication.icChip|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-illumination.cage_lamp.*                      # (default: true) USE item.projectred.illumination.cageLamp|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-illumination.fallout_lamp.*                   # (default: true) USE item.projectred.illumination.falloutLamp|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-illumination.feedback_light_button.*          # (default: true) USE item.projectred.illumination.lightButtonFeedback|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-illumination.fixture_light.*                  # (default: true) USE item.projectred.illumination.fixtureLight|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-illumination.inverted_cage_lamp.*             # (default: true) USE item.projectred.illumination.cageLampInverted|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-illumination.inverted_fallout_lamp.*          # (default: true) USE item.projectred.illumination.falloutLampInverted|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-illumination.inverted_fixture_light.*         # (default: true) USE item.projectred.illumination.fixtureLightInverted|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-illumination.inverted_lantern.*               # (default: true) USE item.projectred.illumination.lanternInverted|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-illumination.lantern.*                        # (default: true) USE item.projectred.illumination.lantern|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-illumination.light_button.*                   # (default: true) USE item.projectred.illumination.lightButton|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-integration.gate.*                            # (default: true) USE item.projectred.integration.gate|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-transmission.framed_wire.*                    # (default: true) USE item.projectred.transmission.wireFramed|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-transmission.wire.*                           # (default: true) USE item.projectred.transmission.wire|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-transportation.pipe.*                         # (default: true) USE item.projectred.transportation.pipe|0.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-transportation.router_utility.*               # (default: true) USE item.projectred.transportation.routerUtility.name
fe.protection.use.projectred-transportation.routing_chip.*                 # (default: true) USE item.projectred.transportation.routingChip|0.name
fe.protection.use.railcraft.armor_boots_steel.*                            # (default: true) USE Steel Boots
fe.protection.use.railcraft.armor_chestplate_steel.*                       # (default: true) USE Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.railcraft.armor_goggles.*                                # (default: true) USE Trackman's Goggles
fe.protection.use.railcraft.armor_helmet_steel.*                           # (default: true) USE Steel Helmet
fe.protection.use.railcraft.armor_leggings_steel.*                         # (default: true) USE Steel Leggings
fe.protection.use.railcraft.armor_overalls.*                               # (default: true) USE Engineer's Overalls
fe.protection.use.railcraft.bore.*                                         # (default: true) USE Tunnel Bore
fe.protection.use.railcraft.borehead_bronze.*                              # (default: true) USE Bronze Bore Head
fe.protection.use.railcraft.borehead_diamond.*                             # (default: true) USE Diamond Bore Head
fe.protection.use.railcraft.borehead_iron.*                                # (default: true) USE Iron Bore Head
fe.protection.use.railcraft.borehead_steel.*                               # (default: true) USE Steel Bore Head
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_bed.*                                     # (default: true) USE Bed Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_cargo.*                                   # (default: true) USE Cargo Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_chest_metals.*                            # (default: true) USE Metals Chest Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_chest_void.*                              # (default: true) USE Void Chest Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_gift.*                                    # (default: true) USE Gift Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_jukebox.*                                 # (default: true) USE Jukebox Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_pumpkin.*                                 # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_redstone_flux.*                           # (default: true) USE Redstone Flux Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_spawner.*                                 # (default: true) USE Spawner Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_tank.*                                    # (default: true) USE Tank Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_tnt_wood.*                                # (default: true) USE Wooden TNT Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_trade_station.*                           # (default: true) USE Trade Station Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.cart_work.*                                    # (default: true) USE Work Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.charge.*                                       # (default: true) USE Charge Coil
fe.protection.use.railcraft.circuit.*                                      # (default: true) USE Controller Circuit
fe.protection.use.railcraft.concrete.*                                     # (default: true) USE Bag of Cement
fe.protection.use.railcraft.dust.*                                         # (default: true) USE Obsidian Dust
fe.protection.use.railcraft.emblem.*                                       # (default: true) USE Emblem
fe.protection.use.railcraft.filter_blank.*                                 # (default: true) USE Blank Filter
fe.protection.use.railcraft.filter_ore_dict.*                              # (default: true) USE Ore Dictionary Filter
fe.protection.use.railcraft.filter_type.*                                  # (default: true) USE Item Type Filter
fe.protection.use.railcraft.firestone_cracked.*                            # (default: true) USE Cracked Firestone
fe.protection.use.railcraft.firestone_cut.*                                # (default: true) USE Cut Firestone
fe.protection.use.railcraft.firestone_raw.*                                # (default: true) USE Raw Firestone
fe.protection.use.railcraft.firestone_refined.*                            # (default: true) USE Refined Firestone
fe.protection.use.railcraft.fluid_bottle_creosote.*                        # (default: true) USE Creosote Bottle
fe.protection.use.railcraft.fluid_bottle_steam.*                           # (default: true) USE Steam Bottle
fe.protection.use.railcraft.fuel_coke.*                                    # (default: true) USE Coal Coke
fe.protection.use.railcraft.gear.*                                         # (default: true) USE Brass Gear
fe.protection.use.railcraft.ingot.*                                        # (default: true) USE Steel Ingot
fe.protection.use.railcraft.locomotive_creative.*                          # (default: true) USE Perpetuum Locomotive
fe.protection.use.railcraft.locomotive_electric.*                          # (default: true) USE Electric Locomotive
fe.protection.use.railcraft.locomotive_steam_solid.*                       # (default: true) USE Steam Locomotive
fe.protection.use.railcraft.mow_track_layer.*                              # (default: true) USE Track Layer Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.mow_track_relayer.*                            # (default: true) USE Track Relayer Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.mow_track_remover.*                            # (default: true) USE Track Remover Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.mow_undercutter.*                              # (default: true) USE Undercutter Cart
fe.protection.use.railcraft.nugget.*                                       # (default: true) USE Steel Nugget
fe.protection.use.railcraft.plate.*                                        # (default: true) USE Iron Plate
fe.protection.use.railcraft.rail.*                                         # (default: true) USE Standard Rail
fe.protection.use.railcraft.railbed.*                                      # (default: true) USE Wooden Railbed
fe.protection.use.railcraft.rebar.*                                        # (default: true) USE Rebar
fe.protection.use.railcraft.routing_table.*                                # (default: true) USE Routing Table
fe.protection.use.railcraft.routing_ticket.*                               # (default: true) USE Railway Ticket
fe.protection.use.railcraft.routing_ticket_gold.*                          # (default: true) USE Golden Railway Ticket
fe.protection.use.railcraft.signal_lamp.*                                  # (default: true) USE Signal Lamp
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tie.*                                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Tie
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_axe_steel.*                               # (default: true) USE Steel Axe
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_charge_meter.*                            # (default: true) USE Charge Meter
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_crowbar_iron.*                            # (default: true) USE Iron Crowbar
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_crowbar_seasons.*                         # (default: true) USE Crowbar of Seasons
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_crowbar_steel.*                           # (default: true) USE Steel Crowbar
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_hoe_steel.*                               # (default: true) USE Steel Hoe
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_magnifying_glass.*                        # (default: true) USE Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_notepad.*                                 # (default: true) USE Trackman's Notepad
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_pickaxe_steel.*                           # (default: true) USE Steel Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_shears_steel.*                            # (default: true) USE Steel Shears
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_shovel_steel.*                            # (default: true) USE Steel Shovel
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_signal_label.*                            # (default: true) USE Signal Label
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_signal_surveyor.*                         # (default: true) USE Signal Surveyor
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_signal_tuner.*                            # (default: true) USE Signal Tuner
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_spike_maul_iron.*                         # (default: true) USE Iron Spike Maul
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_spike_maul_steel.*                        # (default: true) USE Steel Spike Maul
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_stone_carver.*                            # (default: true) USE Stone Carver
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_sword_steel.*                             # (default: true) USE Steel Sword
fe.protection.use.railcraft.tool_whistle_tuner.*                           # (default: true) USE Whistle Tuner
fe.protection.use.railcraft.track_kit.*                                    # (default: true) USE Invalid Track Kit
fe.protection.use.railcraft.track_parts.*                                  # (default: true) USE Track Parts
fe.protection.use.railcraft.turbine_blade.*                                # (default: true) USE Turbine Blade
fe.protection.use.railcraft.turbine_disk.*                                 # (default: true) USE Turbine Disk
fe.protection.use.railcraft.turbine_rotor.*                                # (default: true) USE Turbine Rotor
fe.protection.use.rsgauges.switchlink_pearl.*                              # (default: true) USE Switch Link Pearl
fe.protection.use.sgcraft.configurator.*                                   # (default: true) USE Configurator
fe.protection.use.sgcraft.gdo.*                                            # (default: true) USE Handheld GDO
fe.protection.use.sgcraft.naquadah.*                                       # (default: true) USE Naquadah
fe.protection.use.sgcraft.naquadahingot.*                                  # (default: true) USE Naquadah Alloy Ingot
fe.protection.use.sgcraft.pdd.*                                            # (default: true) USE Personal Dialer Device
fe.protection.use.sgcraft.pegasus_upgrade.*                                # (default: true) USE Pegasus Type Upgrade Crystal
fe.protection.use.sgcraft.sgchevronupgrade.*                               # (default: true) USE Stargate Chevron Upgrade
fe.protection.use.sgcraft.sgcontrollercrystal.*                            # (default: true) USE Stargate Controller Crystal
fe.protection.use.sgcraft.sgcorecrystal.*                                  # (default: true) USE Stargate Core Crystal
fe.protection.use.sgcraft.sgirisblade.*                                    # (default: true) USE Stargate Iris Blade
fe.protection.use.sgcraft.sgirisupgrade.*                                  # (default: true) USE Stargate Iris Upgrade
fe.protection.use.sgcraft.tollan_phase_shift_device.*                      # (default: true) USE Tollan Phase Shift Device
fe.protection.use.sgcraft.zpm.*                                            # (default: true) USE Zero Point Module
fe.protection.use.testdummy.dummy.*                                        # (default: true) USE Test Dummy
