#// -------- PERMISSIONS LIST BLOCKS ------- \\#
#// --------------- 19.07 16:00 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 7493 --------- \\#
#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.break.*                                                      # (default: true) Allow breaking blocks
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.armorstand.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:ArmorStand.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.bell.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Desk Bell
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.bookcase.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Bookcase.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.bookcasecreative.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:BookcaseCreative.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.case.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Case.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.clipboard.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Clipboard.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.clock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Clock.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.cookiejar.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Cookie Jar
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.desk.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Desk.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.dinnerplate.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Dinner Plate
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.discrack.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Disc Rack
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.fancysign.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:FancySign.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.fancyworkbench.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:FancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.framedchest.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:FramedChest.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.furniturepaneler.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:FurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.label.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Label.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.lampgold.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:LampGold.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.lampiron.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:LampIron.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.lanterngold.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:LanternGold.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.lanterniron.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:LanternIron.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.mapframe.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:MapFrame.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.markerpole.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:MarkerPole.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.paintingframeborderless.*                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameBorderless.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.paintingframefancy.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFancy.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.paintingframeflat.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFlat.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.paintingframemiddle.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameMiddle.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.paintingframesimple.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameSimple.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.paintingpress.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Painting Press
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.potionshelf.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:PotionShelf.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.printingpress.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Printing Press
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.seat.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Seat.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.shelf.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Shelf.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.swordpedestal.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:SwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.table.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Table.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.toolrack.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:ToolRack.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.typesettingtable.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Typesetting Table
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.typewriter.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Typewriter.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.andesite.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Andesite
fe.protection.break.chisel.andesite1.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Andesite
fe.protection.break.chisel.andesite2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Andesite
fe.protection.break.chisel.antiblock.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Antiblock
fe.protection.break.chisel.auto_chisel.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Auto Chisel
fe.protection.break.chisel.basalt.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Basalt
fe.protection.break.chisel.basalt1.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Basalt
fe.protection.break.chisel.basalt2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Basalt
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_charcoal.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_charcoal1.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_charcoal2.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal2.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal_coke.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal_coke1.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal_coke2.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockaluminum.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockbronze.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Block of Bronze
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockcobalt.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Block of Cobalt
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockcopper.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Block of Copper
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockelectrum.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Electrum
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockgold.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockinvar.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Invar
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockiron.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.chisel.blocklead.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Lead
fe.protection.break.chisel.blocknickel.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Block of Nickel
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockplatinum.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Platinum
fe.protection.break.chisel.blocksilver.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Block of Silver
fe.protection.break.chisel.blocksteel.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Steel
fe.protection.break.chisel.blocktin.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Block of Tin
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockuranium.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block of Uranium
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_acacia.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_birch.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Birch Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_darkoak.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_jungle.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_oak.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_spruce.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bricks.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.chisel.bricks1.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.chisel.bricks2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.chisel.brownstone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Brownstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_black.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Black Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_blue.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Blue Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_brown.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Brown Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_cyan.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_gray.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Gray Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_green.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Green Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_lightblue.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_lightgray.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_lime.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Lime Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_magenta.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_orange.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Orange Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_pink.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Pink Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_purple.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Purple Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_red.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Red Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_white.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK White Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_yellow.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Carpet
fe.protection.break.chisel.cloud.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cloud
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestone.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestone1.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestone2.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestonemossy.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Moss Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestonemossy1.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Moss Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestonemossy2.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Moss Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_black.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Black Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_black1.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Black Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_black2.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Black Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_blue.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_blue1.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_blue2.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_brown.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Brown Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_brown1.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Brown Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_brown2.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Brown Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_cyan.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_cyan1.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_cyan2.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_gray.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_gray1.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_gray2.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_green.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Green Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_green1.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Green Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_green2.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Green Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightblue.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightblue1.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightblue2.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightgray.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightgray1.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightgray2.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lime.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lime Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lime1.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Lime Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lime2.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Lime Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_magenta.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_magenta1.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_magenta2.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_orange.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Orange Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_orange1.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Orange Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_orange2.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Orange Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_pink.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pink Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_pink1.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Pink Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_pink2.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Pink Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_purple.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Purple Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_purple1.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Purple Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_purple2.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Purple Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_red.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Red Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_red1.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Red Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_red2.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Red Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_white.*                                # (default: true) BREAK White Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_white1.*                               # (default: true) BREAK White Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_white2.*                               # (default: true) BREAK White Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_yellow.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_yellow1.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_yellow2.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.diamond.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Diamond
fe.protection.break.chisel.diorite.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Diorite
fe.protection.break.chisel.diorite1.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Diorite
fe.protection.break.chisel.diorite2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Diorite
fe.protection.break.chisel.dirt.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.chisel.emerald.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Emerald
fe.protection.break.chisel.endstone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Endstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.endstone1.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Endstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.endstone2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Endstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.energizedvoidstone.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Primal Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.factory.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.factory1.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.futura.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Futura Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.glass.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glass1.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedblack.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Black Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedblue.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedbrown.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Brown Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedcyan.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedgray.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedgreen.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Green Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedlightblue.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedlightgray.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedlime.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lime Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedmagenta.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedorange.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Orange Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedpink.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pink Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedpurple.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Purple Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedred.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Red Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedwhite.*                                # (default: true) BREAK White Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedyellow.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspane.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspane1.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedblack.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Black Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedblue.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Blue Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedbrown.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Brown Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedcyan.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedgray.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Gray Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedgreen.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Green Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedlightblue.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedlightgray.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedlime.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Lime Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedmagenta.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedorange.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Orange Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedpink.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Pink Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedpurple.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Purple Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedred.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Red Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedwhite.*                            # (default: true) BREAK White Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glasspanedyedyellow.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.chisel.glowstone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.glowstone1.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.glowstone2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.gold.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.chisel.granite.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Granite
fe.protection.break.chisel.granite1.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Granite
fe.protection.break.chisel.granite2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Granite
fe.protection.break.chisel.hardenedclay.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Terracotta
fe.protection.break.chisel.hardenedclay1.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Terracotta
fe.protection.break.chisel.hardenedclay2.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Terracotta
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice1.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.icepillar.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ice Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.iron.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.chisel.ironpane.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.chisel.laboratory.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.lapis.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.lavastone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lavastone
fe.protection.break.chisel.lavastone1.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Lavastone
fe.protection.break.chisel.lavastone2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Lavastone
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Limestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone1.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Limestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Limestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Marble
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble1.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Marble
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Marble
fe.protection.break.chisel.marblepillar.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Marble Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.netherbrick.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.chisel.netherrack.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.chisel.obsidian.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.chisel.paper.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Paper Wall
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-acacia.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-birch.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-dark-oak.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-jungle.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-oak.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-spruce.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.prismarine.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Prismarine
fe.protection.break.chisel.prismarine1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Prismarine
fe.protection.break.chisel.prismarine2.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Prismarine
fe.protection.break.chisel.purpur.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.purpur1.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.purpur2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.quartz.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Quartz
fe.protection.break.chisel.quartz1.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Quartz
fe.protection.break.chisel.redstone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Block of Redstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.redstone1.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Redstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstone-scribbles.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstonered-scribbles.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstonered.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstonered1.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstonered2.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstoneyellow.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstoneyellow1.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstoneyellow2.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.stonebrick.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.stonebrick1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.stonebrick2.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical1.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technicalnew.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.temple.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Temple Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.templemossy.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.tyrian.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Tyrian
fe.protection.break.chisel.valentines.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Valentines' Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstonerunic.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Runed Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.waterstone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Waterstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.waterstone1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Waterstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.waterstone2.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Waterstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_black.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Black Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_blue.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Blue Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_brown.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Brown Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_cyan.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_gray.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Gray Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_green.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Green Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_lightblue.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_lightgray.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_lime.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lime Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_magenta.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_orange.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Orange Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_pink.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Pink Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_purple.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Purple Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_red.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Red Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_white.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_yellow.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Wool
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.bittank.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Fluid Bit Tank
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_clay.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Clay
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_cloth.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Cloth
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_fluid.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Fluid
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_glass.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Glass
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_grass.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Grass
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_ground.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Ground
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_ice.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Ice
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_iron.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Metal
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_leaves.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Leaves
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_packedice.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_rock.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Rock
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_sand.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Sand
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_snow.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Snow
fe.protection.break.chiselsandbits.chiseled_wood.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Wood
fe.protection.break.clipboard.clipboard.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.clipboard:clipboard.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_black.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.black.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_blue.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.blue.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_brown.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.brown.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_cyan.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.cyan.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_gray.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.gray.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_green.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.green.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_light_blue.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.light_blue.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_lime.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.lime.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_magenta.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.magenta.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_orange.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.orange.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_pink.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.pink.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_purple.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.purple.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_red.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.red.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_silver.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.silver.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_white.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.white.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.hammock_yellow.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.hammock.yellow.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.rope.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Rope and Nail
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_black.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.black.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_blue.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.blue.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_brown.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.brown.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_cyan.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.cyan.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_gray.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.gray.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_green.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.green.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_light_blue.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.light_blue.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_lime.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.lime.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_magenta.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.magenta.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_orange.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.orange.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_pink.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.pink.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_purple.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.purple.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_red.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.red.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_silver.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.silver.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_white.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.white.name
fe.protection.break.comforts.sleeping_bag_yellow.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.yellow.name
fe.protection.break.computronics.audio_cable.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Audio Cable
fe.protection.break.computronics.camera.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Camera
fe.protection.break.computronics.chat_box.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Chat Box
fe.protection.break.computronics.cipher.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cipher Block
fe.protection.break.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.break.computronics.colorful_lamp.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.break.computronics.digital_box.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.computronics.digital_box.name
fe.protection.break.computronics.digital_detector.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Cart Detector - Digital
fe.protection.break.computronics.iron_note_block.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Iron Note Block
fe.protection.break.computronics.locomotive_relay.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.break.computronics.radar.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Radar
fe.protection.break.computronics.speaker.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Speaker
fe.protection.break.computronics.speech_box.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Speech Box
fe.protection.break.computronics.tape_reader.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Tape Drive
fe.protection.break.computronics.ticket_machine.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Ticket Machine
fe.protection.break.forgemultipartcbe.multipart_block.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_chest.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_black.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxblack.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_blue.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxblue.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_brown.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxbrown.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_cyan.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxcyan.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_gray.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxgray.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_green.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxgreen.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_light_blue.*                # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxlight_blue.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_lime.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxlime.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_magenta.*                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxmagenta.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_orange.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxorange.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_pink.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxpink.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_purple.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxpurple.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_red.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxred.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_silver.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxsilver.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_white.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxwhite.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_yellow.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxyellow.name
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.big_door_acacia_3x3.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Large Acacia Double Doors
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.big_door_birch_3x3.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Large Birch Double Doors
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.big_door_dark_oak_3x3.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Large Dark Oak Double Doors
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.big_door_iron_3x3.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Large Iron Double Doors
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.big_door_jungle_3x3.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Large Jungle Double Doors
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.big_door_oak_3x3.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Large Oak Double Doors
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.big_door_rusty_3x3.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Large Rusty Iron Double Doors
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.big_door_spruce_3x3.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Large Spruce Double Doors
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.camofencegate.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Camo Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.carriage_door.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Carriage Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_black.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Black Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_blue.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Blue Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_brown.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Brown Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_cyan.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_gray.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Gray Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_green.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Green Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_light_blue.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_lime.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Lime Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_magenta.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_orange.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Orange Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_pink.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Pink Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_purple.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Purple Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_red.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Red Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_silver.*                          # (default: true) BREAK SilverCurtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_white.*                           # (default: true) BREAK White Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.curtain_yellow.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.customdoor.*                              # (default: true) BREAK item.customDoor.name
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.door_factory.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Door Factory
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.factory_door.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Factory Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.forcefielddoor.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Forcefield
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.garage_door.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Garage Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.hitechdoor.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Hi-tech Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.iron_sliding_door.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.jail_door.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Jail Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.laboratory_door.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.medieval_door.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Medieval Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.rustyhatch.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Rusty Hatch
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.rustyladder.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Rusty Ladder
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.saloon.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Saloon Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.shoji_door.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Shoji Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.sliding_trapdoor.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Sliding Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.trapdoor_acacia.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.trapdoor_birch.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Birch Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.trapdoor_dark_oak.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.trapdoor_jungle.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.trapdoor_spruce.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.verticalhatch.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Door
fe.protection.break.malisisdoors.wood_sliding_door.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.break.mcmultipart.multipart.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_door.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_fence.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.activator_rail.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Activator Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.air.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Air
fe.protection.break.minecraft.anvil.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Anvil
fe.protection.break.minecraft.barrier.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Barrier
fe.protection.break.minecraft.beacon.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Beacon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bed.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.bed.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bedrock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Bedrock
fe.protection.break.minecraft.beetroots.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Beetroots
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_door.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Birch Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_fence.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Birch Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_fence_gate.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.black_glazed_terracotta.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Black Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.black_shulker_box.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Black Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.blue_glazed_terracotta.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.blue_shulker_box.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bone_block.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Bone Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Brewing Stand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_block.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_glazed_terracotta.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Brown Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_shulker_box.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Brown Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cactus.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cactus
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cake.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cake
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carpet.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Carpet
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carrots.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Carrots
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cauldron.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cauldron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chain_command_block.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Chain Command Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chest.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chorus_flower.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Chorus Flower
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chorus_plant.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Chorus Plant
fe.protection.break.minecraft.clay.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_block.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Coal Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cocoa.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cocoa
fe.protection.break.minecraft.command_block.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Command Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.concrete.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.concrete.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.concrete_powder.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.concretePowder.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.crafting_table.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cyan_glazed_terracotta.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cyan_shulker_box.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_fence.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.daylight_detector_inverted.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.deadbush.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dead Bush
fe.protection.break.minecraft.detector_rail.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Detector Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_block.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Diamond
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dirt.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dispenser.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dispenser
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_plant.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Plant
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_stone_slab2.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Wood Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Dragon Egg
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dropper.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Dropper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_block.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Emerald
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_bricks.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK End Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_gateway.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                           # (default: true) BREAK End Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_rod.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK End Rod
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Ender Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.farmland.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Farmland
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Oak Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fire.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Fire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Flower Pot
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_water.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.frosted_ice.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Frosted Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.furnace.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glowstone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_block.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Gold Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Booster Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.grass.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Grass Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.grass_path.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Grass Path
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gravel.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Gravel
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gray_glazed_terracotta.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gray_shulker_box.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.green_glazed_terracotta.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Green Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.green_shulker_box.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Green Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hay_block.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Hay Bale
fe.protection.break.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*              # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hopper.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hopper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ice.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_block.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_door.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Iron Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Iron Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_trapdoor.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jukebox.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jukebox
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_door.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_fence.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ladder.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Ladder
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lava.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lever.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lever
fe.protection.break.minecraft.light_blue_glazed_terracotta.*               # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.light_blue_shulker_box.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*              # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lime_glazed_terracotta.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Lime Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lime_shulker_box.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Lime Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.magenta_glazed_terracotta.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.magenta_shulker_box.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.magma.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Magma Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_block.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Melon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Monster Spawner
fe.protection.break.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Stone Monster Egg
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Moss Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mycelium.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mycelium
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Nether Wart
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_wart_block.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.minecraft.noteblock.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Note Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.observer.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Observer
fe.protection.break.minecraft.obsidian.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.minecraft.orange_glazed_terracotta.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Orange Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.orange_shulker_box.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Orange Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pink_glazed_terracotta.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Pink Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pink_shulker_box.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Pink Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_extension.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_head.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.planks.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Planks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.portal.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.potatoes.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Potatoes
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.break.minecraft.prismarine.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Prismarine
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purple_glazed_terracotta.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Purple Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purple_shulker_box.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Purple Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purpur_block.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purpur_double_slab.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purpur_pillar.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Pillar
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purpur_slab.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purpur_stairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_block.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Quartz
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.rail.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Track
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_flower.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Flower
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_glazed_terracotta.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Red Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_nether_brick.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Red Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_sandstone.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_sandstone_stairs.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_shulker_box.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Red Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_block.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Redstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Dust
fe.protection.break.minecraft.reeds.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sugar cane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.repeating_command_block.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Repeating Command Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sand.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Sand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sapling.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Oak Sapling
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sea_lantern.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Sea Lantern
fe.protection.break.minecraft.silver_glazed_terracotta.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.silver_shulker_box.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.skull.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.slime.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Slime Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Soul Sand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sponge.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sponge
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_door.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_fence.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Stained Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.standing_banner.*                            # (default: true) BREAK White Banner
fe.protection.break.minecraft.standing_sign.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Sticky Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_button.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_slab2.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.structure_block.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Structure Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.structure_void.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Structure Void
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Grass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tnt.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK TNT
fe.protection.break.minecraft.torch.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Trapped Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.break.minecraft.vine.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Vines
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wall_banner.*                                # (default: true) BREAK White Banner
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.water.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.waterlily.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Lily Pad
fe.protection.break.minecraft.web.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Cobweb
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wheat.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Crops
fe.protection.break.minecraft.white_glazed_terracotta.*                    # (default: true) BREAK White Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.white_shulker_box.*                          # (default: true) BREAK White Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_button.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Oak Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Wood Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wool.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Flower
fe.protection.break.minecraft.yellow_glazed_terracotta.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.yellow_shulker_box.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.modernlamps.ceiling_lamp_01.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Ceiling Light
fe.protection.break.modernlamps.ceiling_neon_lamp.*                        # (default: true) BREAK  Ceiling Neon Light
fe.protection.break.modernlamps.neon_in_glass.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Glass With Neons Light
fe.protection.break.modernlamps.outdoor_lamp_01.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Ground Light 01
fe.protection.break.modernlamps.outdoor_lamp_02.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Ground Light 02
fe.protection.break.modernlamps.suspended_neon.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Suspended Neon Light
fe.protection.break.modernlamps.vertical_neon_lamp_bottom.*                # (default: true) BREAK Vertical Neon Light Bottom
fe.protection.break.modernlamps.vertical_neon_lamp_middle.*                # (default: true) BREAK Vertical Neon Light Middle
fe.protection.break.modernlamps.vertical_neon_lamp_top.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Vertical Neon Light Top
fe.protection.break.modernlamps.vertical_neons_lamp_bottom.*               # (default: true) BREAK Vertical Neons Light Bottom
fe.protection.break.modernlamps.vertical_neons_lamp_middle.*               # (default: true) BREAK Vertical Neons Light Middle
fe.protection.break.modernlamps.vertical_neons_lamp_top.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Vertical Neons Light Top
fe.protection.break.modernlamps.wall_light_01.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Wall Light 01
fe.protection.break.modernlamps.wall_light_02.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Wall Light 02
fe.protection.break.modernlamps.wall_neon.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Wall Neon Light
fe.protection.break.omlib.network_cable.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.network_cable.name
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.adapter.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Adapter
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.assembler.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.cable.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cable
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.capacitor.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Capacitor
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.carpetedcapacitor.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Carpeted Capacitor
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.case1.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.case2.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.case3.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.casecreative.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.chameliumblock.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.charger.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Charger
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.disassembler.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Disassembler
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.diskdrive.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Disk Drive
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.endstone.*                               # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.geolyzer.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Geolyzer
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.hologram1.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.hologram2.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.keyboard.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Keyboard
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.microcontroller.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Microcontroller
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.motionsensor.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Motion Sensor
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.netsplitter.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Net Splitter
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.powerconverter.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Power Converter
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.powerdistributor.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Power Distributor
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.print.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK 3D Print
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.printer.*                                # (default: true) BREAK 3D Printer
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.rack.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Rack
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.raid.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Raid
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.redstone.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Redstone I/O
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.relay.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Relay
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.robot.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK robot.name
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.robotafterimage.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Robot
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.screen1.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.screen2.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.screen3.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.transposer.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Transposer
fe.protection.break.opencomputers.waypoint.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Waypoint
fe.protection.break.openentity.dnadevice.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK DNA Device
fe.protection.break.openentity.entityproxy.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Entity Proxy
fe.protection.break.openfm.radio.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Radio
fe.protection.break.openfm.speaker.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Speaker
fe.protection.break.openglasses.openglassesterminal.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Glasses Terminal
fe.protection.break.openprinter.briefcase.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Briefcase
fe.protection.break.openprinter.filecabinet.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Open File Cabinet
fe.protection.break.openprinter.printer.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Open Printer
fe.protection.break.openprinter.shredder.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Open Shredder
fe.protection.break.openscreens.backflatscreen1.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Flatscreen (Back) (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.openscreens.backflatscreen2.*                          # (default: true) BREAK §eFlatscreen (Back) (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.openscreens.backflatscreen3.*                          # (default: true) BREAK §bFlatscreen (Back) (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.openscreens.frontflatscreen1.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Flatscreen (Front) (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.openscreens.frontflatscreen2.*                         # (default: true) BREAK §eFlatscreen (Front) (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.openscreens.frontflatscreen3.*                         # (default: true) BREAK §bFlatscreen (Front) (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.openscreens.holoscreen1.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Holo Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.break.openscreens.holoscreen2.*                              # (default: true) BREAK §eHolo Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.break.openscreens.holoscreen3.*                              # (default: true) BREAK §bHolo Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.alarm.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Alarm
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.biometric_reader.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Biometric Reader
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.card_writer.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Card Writer
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.data_block.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Data Block
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.door_controller.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Door Controller
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.energy_turret.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Energy Turret
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.entity_detector.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Entity Detector
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.keypad.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Keypad
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.mag_reader.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Magnetic Card Reader
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.nanofog.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK NanoFog
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.nanofog_terminal.*                        # (default: true) BREAK NanoFog Terminal
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.private_secure_door.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Private Security Door
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.rfid_reader.*                             # (default: true) BREAK RFID Reader
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.rolldoor.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Rolldoor
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.rolldoor_controller.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Rolldoor Controller
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.rolldoor_element.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Rolldoor Element
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.secure_door.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Security Door
fe.protection.break.opensecurity.security_terminal.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Security Terminal
fe.protection.break.projectred-expansion.machine1.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.break.projectred-expansion.machine2.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.break.projectred-exploration.barrel.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.exploration.barrel.name
fe.protection.break.projectred-exploration.ore.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.exploration.ore.name
fe.protection.break.projectred-exploration.stone.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.exploration.stone.name
fe.protection.break.projectred-exploration.stone_wall.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.exploration.stoneWall.name
fe.protection.break.projectred-fabrication.ic_machine.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.fabrication.icMachine.name
fe.protection.break.projectred-illumination.lamp.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.break.projectred-relocation.blockmovingrow.*                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.projectred-relocation.frame.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.projectred.relocation.frame.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.actuator.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.actuator.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.admin_steam_producer.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Admin Steam Producer
fe.protection.break.railcraft.anvil.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.battery_nickel_iron.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Nickel-Iron Battery
fe.protection.break.railcraft.battery_nickel_zinc.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Nickel-Zinc Battery
fe.protection.break.railcraft.battery_zinc_carbon.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Zinc-Carbon Battery
fe.protection.break.railcraft.battery_zinc_silver.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Zinc-Silver Battery
fe.protection.break.railcraft.blast_furnace.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Blast Furnace Brick
fe.protection.break.railcraft.boiler_firebox_fluid.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Fueled Boiler Firebox
fe.protection.break.railcraft.boiler_firebox_solid.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Solid Fueled Boiler Firebox
fe.protection.break.railcraft.boiler_tank_pressure_high.*                  # (default: true) BREAK High Pressure Boiler Tank
fe.protection.break.railcraft.boiler_tank_pressure_low.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Low Pressure Boiler Tank
fe.protection.break.railcraft.brick_abyssal.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.brick_andesite.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.andesite.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.brick_bleachedbone.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.brick_bloodstained.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.brick_diorite.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.diorite.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.brick_frostbound.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.brick_granite.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.granite.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.brick_infernal.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.brick_nether.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.brick_pearlized.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.pearlized.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.brick_quarried.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.brick_red_nether.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.red.nether.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.brick_red_sandy.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.red.sandy.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.brick_sandy.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.charge_feeder.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.charge.feeder.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.charge_trap.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Charge Trap
fe.protection.break.railcraft.chest_metals.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Metals Chest
fe.protection.break.railcraft.chest_void.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Void Chest
fe.protection.break.railcraft.coke_oven.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Coke Oven Brick
fe.protection.break.railcraft.coke_oven_red.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.coke.oven.red.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.creosote.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Creosote
fe.protection.break.railcraft.detector.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.equipment.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.equipment.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.flux_transformer.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Flux Transformer
fe.protection.break.railcraft.force_track_emitter.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Force Track Emitter
fe.protection.break.railcraft.frame.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.break.railcraft.generic.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.generic.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.glass.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.glass.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.logbook.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Logbook
fe.protection.break.railcraft.manipulator.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.manipulator.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.metal.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.metal.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.ore.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.ore_magic.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.ore.magic.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.ore_metal.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.ore.metal.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.ore_metal_poor.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.ore.metal.poor.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.post_metal.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.post_metal_platform.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.reinforced_concrete.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.reinforced.concrete.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.ritual.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.ritual.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.rock_crusher.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Rock Crusher
fe.protection.break.railcraft.signal.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.signal_box.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.signal.box.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.signal_dual.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.signal.dual.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.steam.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Steam
fe.protection.break.railcraft.steam_oven.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Steam Oven
fe.protection.break.railcraft.steam_turbine.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Steam Turbine Housing
fe.protection.break.railcraft.tank_iron_gauge.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Iron Tank Gauge
fe.protection.break.railcraft.tank_iron_valve.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Iron Tank Valve
fe.protection.break.railcraft.tank_iron_wall.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Iron Tank Wall
fe.protection.break.railcraft.tank_steel_gauge.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Steel Tank Gauge
fe.protection.break.railcraft.tank_steel_valve.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Steel Tank Valve
fe.protection.break.railcraft.tank_steel_wall.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Steel Tank Wall
fe.protection.break.railcraft.tank_water.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Water Tank Siding
fe.protection.break.railcraft.track_elevator.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Elevator Track
fe.protection.break.railcraft.track_flex_abandoned.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Abandoned Track
fe.protection.break.railcraft.track_flex_electric.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Electric Track
fe.protection.break.railcraft.track_flex_high_speed.*                      # (default: true) BREAK High Speed Track
fe.protection.break.railcraft.track_flex_hs_electric.*                     # (default: true) BREAK High Speed Electric Track
fe.protection.break.railcraft.track_flex_reinforced.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Track
fe.protection.break.railcraft.track_flex_strap_iron.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Strap Iron Track
fe.protection.break.railcraft.track_force.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Force Track
fe.protection.break.railcraft.track_outfitted.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.railcraft.track.outfitted.name
fe.protection.break.railcraft.trade_station.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Trade Station
fe.protection.break.railcraft.wire.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Charge Shunting Wire
fe.protection.break.railcraft.worldlogic.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.arrowtarget.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Arrow Target
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.automaticswitch1.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Infrared Entity Detector
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.automaticswitch2.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Linear Laser Entity Detector
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.automaticswitch3.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Local Light Sensor
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.automaticswitch4.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Day Timer Clock
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.automaticswitch5.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Rain Sensor
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.automaticswitch6.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Thunderstorm Detector
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.automaticswitch7.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Interval Signal Timer
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.bistableswitch1.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Rotary Machine Switch
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.bistableswitch2.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Contact Lever
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.bistableswitch3.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Two-Button Machine Switch
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.bistableswitch4.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Small Light Switch
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.bistableswitch5.*                             # (default: true) BREAK ESTOP Button
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.bistableswitch6.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Hopper Blocker
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.bistableswitch7.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Rotary Lever
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.bistableswitch8.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Lever
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.bistableswitch_glass1.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Bistable Glass Switch
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.bistableswitch_glass2.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Bistable Glass Touch Switch
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy1.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Old Fancy Lever
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy2.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Old Fancy Rotary Lever
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy3.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Bistable Switch
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy4.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Bistable Switch
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy5.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Bistable Switch
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy6.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Bistable Switch
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy7.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Bistable Switch
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic1.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Rustic Lever
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic2.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Rustic Two-Hinge Lever
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic3.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Rustic Rotary Lever
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic4.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Bistable Switch
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic5.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Bistable Switch
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic6.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Bistable Switch
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic7.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Rustic Nail Lever
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.contactmat1.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Door Contact Mat
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.contactmat2.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Contact Mat
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.contactmat3.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Shock Sensitive Contact Mat
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.contactmat_glass1.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Configurable Glass Contact Plate
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.contactmat_glass2.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Glass Contact Plate
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.contactmat_rustic1.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Rustic Door Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.contactmat_rustic2.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Rustic Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.contactmat_rustic3.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Rustic Shock Sensitive Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.daytimeswitch_glass1.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Glass Day Timer Clock
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.detectorswitch_glass1.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Glass Infrared Entity Detector
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.detectorswitch_glass2.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Glass Linear Laser Entity Detector
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.dimmerswitch1.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Dimmer
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.door_sensor_switch.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Door sensor
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.elevator_button.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Elevator Button
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.flatgauge1.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Analog Voltmeter Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.flatgauge2.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Analog Bar Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.flatgauge3.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Small Digital Display Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.flatgauge4.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Glass Bar Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.flatgauge5.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Glass Tube Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.flatgauge6.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Small Analog Voltmeter Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.gauge_rustic2.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Rustic Circular Wall Meter Redstone gauge
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.indicator1.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Green LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.indicator1blink1.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Green Blinking LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.indicator2.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Yellow LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.indicator2blink1.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Blinking LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.indicator3.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Red LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.indicator3blink1.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Red LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.indicator4.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Alarm Lamp
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.indicator_led_white.*                         # (default: true) BREAK White LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.indicator_led_white_blink.*                   # (default: true) BREAK White Blinking LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.indicator_rustic_flag.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Rustic Redstone Semaphore
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.industrial_comparator_switch.*                # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Comparator Switch
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.industrial_knock_button.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Knock Detector Pulse Switch (industrial)
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.industrial_knock_switch.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Knock Detector Bistable Switch (industrial)
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.observerswitch1.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Block Category Detector
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.powerplant_red.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Red power plant
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.powerplant_yellow.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Yellow power plant
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.pulseswitch1.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Machine Button
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.pulseswitch2.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Fenced Machine Button
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.pulseswitch3.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Pull Handle Button
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.pulseswitch5.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Foot Button
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.pulseswitch6.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Button
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.pulseswitch_glass1.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Glass Button
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.pulseswitch_glass2.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Small Glass Button
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.pulseswitch_glass3.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Glass Touch Button
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.pulseswitch_oldfancy1.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Old Fancy Button
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.pulseswitch_oldfancy2.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Old Fancy Chain Button
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.pulseswitch_oldfancy3.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Pulse Switch
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.pulseswitch_oldfancy4.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Small Old Fancy Button
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic1.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Rustic Button
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic2.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Rustic Small Button
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic3.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Rustic Chain Button
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic4.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Pulse switch
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic5.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Pulse switch
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic6.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Pulse switch
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic7.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Rustic Nail Button
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.relay_bistableswitchrx1.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Switch Link Receiver
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.relay_bistableswitchrx2.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Cased Switch Link Receiver
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.relay_bistableswitchtx1.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Switch Link Sender
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.relay_pulseswitchrx1.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Pulse Switch Link Receiver
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.relay_pulseswitchrx2.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Cased Pulse Switch Link Receiver
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.relay_pulseswitchtx1.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Switch Link Pulse Sender
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.sensitiveglass.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Light Emitting)
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_black.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Black-Stained)
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_blue.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Blue-Stained)
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_brown.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Brown-Stained)
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_cyan.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Cyan-Stained)
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_gray.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Gray-Stained)
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_green.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Green-Stained)
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_inverted.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Inverted, Light Emitting)
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_lightblue.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Light-Blue-Stained)
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_lightgray.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Light-Gray-Stained)
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_lime.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Lime-Stained)
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_magenta.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Magenta-Stained)
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_orange.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Orange-Stained)
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_pink.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Pink-Stained)
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_purple.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Purple-Stained)
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_red.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Red-Stained)
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_white.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (White-Stained)
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_yellow.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Yellow-Stained)
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.soundindicator1.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Alarm Siren
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.timerswitch_glass1.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Glass Interval Signal Timer
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch1.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Shock Activated Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch2.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Sensitive Shock Activated Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch3.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Industrial Fall-Through Detection Frame
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch_rustic1.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Rustic Shock Activated Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch_rustic2.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Rustic Sensitive Shock Activated Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch_rustic3.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Rustic Fall-Through Detector Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.rsgauges.valve_wheel_switch.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Valve Switch
fe.protection.break.sgcraft.naquadahblock.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Naquadah Alloy Block
fe.protection.break.sgcraft.naquadahore.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Naquadah Ore
fe.protection.break.sgcraft.ocinterface.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK OpenComputers Stargate Interface
fe.protection.break.sgcraft.sgpowerunit.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK SG Power Unit
fe.protection.break.sgcraft.stargatebase.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Stargate Base
fe.protection.break.sgcraft.stargatecontroller.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Stargate Controller
fe.protection.break.sgcraft.stargatering.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Stargate Ring Segment
fe.protection.break.sgcraft.zpm_console.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK ZPM Console
fe.protection.explode.*                                                    # (default: true) (global) Allows blocks to explode
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.armorstand.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:ArmorStand.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.bell.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Desk Bell
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.bookcase.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Bookcase.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.bookcasecreative.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:BookcaseCreative.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.case.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Case.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.clipboard.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Clipboard.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.clock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Clock.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.cookiejar.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cookie Jar
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.desk.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Desk.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.dinnerplate.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dinner Plate
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.discrack.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Disc Rack
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.fancysign.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:FancySign.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.fancyworkbench.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:FancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.framedchest.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:FramedChest.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.furniturepaneler.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:FurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.label.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Label.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.lampgold.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:LampGold.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.lampiron.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:LampIron.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.lanterngold.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:LanternGold.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.lanterniron.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:LanternIron.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.mapframe.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:MapFrame.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.markerpole.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:MarkerPole.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.paintingframeborderless.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameBorderless.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.paintingframefancy.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFancy.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.paintingframeflat.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFlat.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.paintingframemiddle.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameMiddle.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.paintingframesimple.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameSimple.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.paintingpress.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Painting Press
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.potionshelf.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:PotionShelf.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.printingpress.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Printing Press
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.seat.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Seat.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.shelf.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Shelf.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.swordpedestal.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:SwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.table.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Table.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.toolrack.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:ToolRack.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.typesettingtable.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.typewriter.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Typewriter.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.andesite.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.andesite1.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.andesite2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.antiblock.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Antiblock
fe.protection.explode.chisel.auto_chisel.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.explode.chisel.basalt.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.basalt1.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.basalt2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_charcoal.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_charcoal1.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_charcoal2.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal2.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal_coke.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal_coke1.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal_coke2.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockaluminum.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockbronze.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockcobalt.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Cobalt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockcopper.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Copper
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockelectrum.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Electrum
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockgold.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockinvar.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Invar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockiron.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blocklead.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Lead
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blocknickel.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Nickel
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockplatinum.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Platinum
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blocksilver.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Silver
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blocksteel.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Steel
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blocktin.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Tin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockuranium.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_acacia.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_birch.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_darkoak.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_jungle.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_oak.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_spruce.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bricks.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bricks1.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bricks2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.brownstone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Brownstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_black.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_blue.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_brown.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_cyan.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_gray.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_green.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_lightblue.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_lightgray.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_lime.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_magenta.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_orange.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_pink.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_purple.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_red.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_white.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE White Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_yellow.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Carpet
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cloud.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cloud
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestone.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestone1.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestone2.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestonemossy.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Moss Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestonemossy1.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Moss Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestonemossy2.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Moss Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_black.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_black1.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_black2.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_blue.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_blue1.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_blue2.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_brown.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_brown1.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_brown2.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_cyan.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_cyan1.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_cyan2.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_gray.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_gray1.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_gray2.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_green.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_green1.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_green2.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightblue.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightblue1.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightblue2.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightgray.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightgray1.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightgray2.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lime.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lime1.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lime2.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_magenta.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_magenta1.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_magenta2.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_orange.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_orange1.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_orange2.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_pink.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_pink1.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_pink2.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_purple.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_purple1.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_purple2.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_red.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_red1.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_red2.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_white.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE White Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_white1.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE White Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_white2.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE White Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_yellow.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_yellow1.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_yellow2.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diamond.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diorite.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diorite1.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diorite2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.dirt.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.emerald.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.explode.chisel.endstone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Endstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.endstone1.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Endstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.endstone2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Endstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.energizedvoidstone.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Primal Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.factory.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.factory1.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.futura.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Futura Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glass.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glass1.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedblack.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedblue.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedbrown.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedcyan.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedgray.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedgreen.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedlightblue.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedlightgray.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedlime.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedmagenta.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedorange.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedpink.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedpurple.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedred.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedwhite.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE White Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedyellow.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspane.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspane1.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedblack.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedblue.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedbrown.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedcyan.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedgray.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedgreen.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedlightblue.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedlightgray.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedlime.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedmagenta.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedorange.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedpink.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedpurple.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedred.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedwhite.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE White Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glasspanedyedyellow.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glowstone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glowstone1.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glowstone2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.gold.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.chisel.granite.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Granite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.granite1.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Granite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.granite2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Granite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.hardenedclay.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.chisel.hardenedclay1.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.chisel.hardenedclay2.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice1.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.chisel.icepillar.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.iron.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ironpane.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.chisel.laboratory.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lapis.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lavastone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavastone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lavastone1.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavastone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lavastone2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavastone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone1.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble1.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marblepillar.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.netherbrick.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.chisel.netherrack.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.chisel.obsidian.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.chisel.paper.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Paper Wall
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-acacia.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-birch.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-dark-oak.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-jungle.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-oak.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-spruce.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.prismarine.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Prismarine
fe.protection.explode.chisel.prismarine1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Prismarine
fe.protection.explode.chisel.prismarine2.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Prismarine
fe.protection.explode.chisel.purpur.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.purpur1.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.purpur2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.quartz.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.explode.chisel.quartz1.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.explode.chisel.redstone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.redstone1.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstone-scribbles.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstonered-scribbles.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstonered.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstonered1.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstonered2.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstoneyellow.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstoneyellow1.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstoneyellow2.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stonebrick.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stonebrick1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stonebrick2.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical1.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technicalnew.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.temple.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Temple Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.templemossy.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.tyrian.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Tyrian
fe.protection.explode.chisel.valentines.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Valentines' Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstonerunic.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Runed Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.waterstone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Waterstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.waterstone1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Waterstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.waterstone2.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Waterstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_black.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_blue.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_brown.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_cyan.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_gray.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_green.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_lightblue.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_lightgray.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_lime.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_magenta.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_orange.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_pink.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_purple.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_red.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_white.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_yellow.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Wool
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.bittank.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Fluid Bit Tank
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_clay.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Clay
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_cloth.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Cloth
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_fluid.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Fluid
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_glass.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Glass
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_grass.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Grass
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_ground.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Ground
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_ice.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Ice
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_iron.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Metal
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_leaves.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Leaves
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_packedice.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Packed Ice
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_rock.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Rock
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_sand.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Sand
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_snow.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Snow
fe.protection.explode.chiselsandbits.chiseled_wood.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Wood
fe.protection.explode.clipboard.clipboard.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.clipboard:clipboard.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_black.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.black.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_blue.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.blue.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_brown.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.brown.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_cyan.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.cyan.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_gray.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.gray.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_green.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.green.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_light_blue.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.light_blue.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_lime.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.lime.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_magenta.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.magenta.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_orange.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.orange.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_pink.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.pink.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_purple.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.purple.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_red.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.red.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_silver.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.silver.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_white.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.white.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.hammock_yellow.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.hammock.yellow.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.rope.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Rope and Nail
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_black.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.black.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_blue.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.blue.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_brown.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.brown.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_cyan.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.cyan.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_gray.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.gray.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_green.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.green.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_light_blue.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.light_blue.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_lime.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.lime.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_magenta.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.magenta.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_orange.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.orange.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_pink.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.pink.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_purple.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.purple.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_red.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.red.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_silver.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.silver.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_white.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.white.name
fe.protection.explode.comforts.sleeping_bag_yellow.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.yellow.name
fe.protection.explode.computronics.audio_cable.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Audio Cable
fe.protection.explode.computronics.camera.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Camera
fe.protection.explode.computronics.chat_box.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Chat Box
fe.protection.explode.computronics.cipher.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cipher Block
fe.protection.explode.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.explode.computronics.colorful_lamp.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.explode.computronics.digital_box.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.computronics.digital_box.name
fe.protection.explode.computronics.digital_detector.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Cart Detector - Digital
fe.protection.explode.computronics.iron_note_block.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Note Block
fe.protection.explode.computronics.locomotive_relay.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.explode.computronics.radar.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Radar
fe.protection.explode.computronics.speaker.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Speaker
fe.protection.explode.computronics.speech_box.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Speech Box
fe.protection.explode.computronics.tape_reader.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Tape Drive
fe.protection.explode.computronics.ticket_machine.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ticket Machine
fe.protection.explode.forgemultipartcbe.multipart_block.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_chest.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_black.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxblack.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_blue.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxblue.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_brown.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxbrown.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_cyan.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxcyan.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_gray.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxgray.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_green.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxgreen.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_light_blue.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxlight_blue.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_lime.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxlime.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_magenta.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxmagenta.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_orange.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxorange.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_pink.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxpink.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_purple.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxpurple.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_red.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxred.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_silver.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxsilver.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_white.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxwhite.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_yellow.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxyellow.name
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.big_door_acacia_3x3.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Acacia Double Doors
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.big_door_birch_3x3.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Birch Double Doors
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.big_door_dark_oak_3x3.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Dark Oak Double Doors
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.big_door_iron_3x3.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Iron Double Doors
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.big_door_jungle_3x3.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Jungle Double Doors
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.big_door_oak_3x3.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Oak Double Doors
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.big_door_rusty_3x3.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Rusty Iron Double Doors
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.big_door_spruce_3x3.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Spruce Double Doors
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.camofencegate.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Camo Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.carriage_door.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Carriage Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_black.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_blue.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_brown.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_cyan.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_gray.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_green.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_light_blue.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_lime.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_magenta.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_orange.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_pink.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_purple.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_red.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_silver.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE SilverCurtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_white.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE White Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.curtain_yellow.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.customdoor.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE item.customDoor.name
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.door_factory.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Door Factory
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.factory_door.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.forcefielddoor.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Forcefield
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.garage_door.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Garage Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.hitechdoor.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Hi-tech Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.iron_sliding_door.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.jail_door.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Jail Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.laboratory_door.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Laboratory Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.medieval_door.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Medieval Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.rustyhatch.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Rusty Hatch
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.rustyladder.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Rusty Ladder
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.saloon.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Saloon Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.shoji_door.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Shoji Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.sliding_trapdoor.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sliding Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.trapdoor_acacia.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.trapdoor_birch.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.trapdoor_dark_oak.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.trapdoor_jungle.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.trapdoor_spruce.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.verticalhatch.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Door
fe.protection.explode.malisisdoors.wood_sliding_door.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.explode.mcmultipart.multipart.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_door.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_fence.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.activator_rail.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Activator Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.air.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Air
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.anvil.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Anvil
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.barrier.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Barrier
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.beacon.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Beacon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bed.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bed.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bedrock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Bedrock
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.beetroots.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Beetroots
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_door.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_fence.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_fence_gate.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.black_glazed_terracotta.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.black_shulker_box.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.blue_glazed_terracotta.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.blue_shulker_box.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bone_block.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Bone Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Brewing Stand
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_block.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_glazed_terracotta.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_shulker_box.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cactus.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cake.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cake
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carpet.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpet
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carrots.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrots
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cauldron.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Cauldron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chain_command_block.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Chain Command Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chest.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chorus_flower.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Chorus Flower
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chorus_plant.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Chorus Plant
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.clay.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Clay
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_block.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Coal Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cocoa.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cocoa
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.command_block.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Command Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.concrete.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.concrete.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.concrete_powder.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.concretePowder.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.crafting_table.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cyan_glazed_terracotta.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cyan_shulker_box.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_fence.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_fence_gate.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.daylight_detector_inverted.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.deadbush.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dead Bush
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.detector_rail.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Detector Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_block.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dirt.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dispenser.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dispenser
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_plant.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Plant
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_stone_slab2.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dropper.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Dropper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_block.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_bricks.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_gateway.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE End Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_rod.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE End Rod
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ender_chest.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.farmland.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Farmland
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence_gate.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fire.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flower_pot.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Flower Pot
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_water.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.frosted_ice.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Frosted Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.furnace.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass_pane.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glowstone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_block.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.golden_rail.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Booster Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.grass.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.grass_path.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Path
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gravel.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravel
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gray_glazed_terracotta.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gray_shulker_box.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.green_glazed_terracotta.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.green_shulker_box.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hay_block.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Hay Bale
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*            # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hopper.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ice.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_block.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_door.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_trapdoor.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jukebox.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Jukebox
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_door.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_fence.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ladder.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ladder
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_block.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lava.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lever.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lever
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.light_blue_glazed_terracotta.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.light_blue_shulker_box.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*            # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lime_glazed_terracotta.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lime_shulker_box.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.magenta_glazed_terracotta.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.magenta_shulker_box.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.magma.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Magma Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_block.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Melon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_stem.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.monster_egg.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Monster Egg
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Moss Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mycelium.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mycelium
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_wart.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Wart
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_wart_block.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.netherrack.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.noteblock.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Note Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.observer.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Observer
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.obsidian.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.orange_glazed_terracotta.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.orange_shulker_box.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.packed_ice.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pink_glazed_terracotta.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pink_shulker_box.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_extension.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_head.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.planks.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.portal.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.potatoes.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Potatoes
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.prismarine.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Prismarine
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purple_glazed_terracotta.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purple_shulker_box.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purpur_block.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purpur_double_slab.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purpur_pillar.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Pillar
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purpur_slab.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purpur_stairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_block.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.rail.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Track
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_flower.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Flower
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_glazed_terracotta.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_nether_brick.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_sandstone.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_sandstone_stairs.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_shulker_box.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_block.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.reeds.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sugar cane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.repeating_command_block.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Repeating Command Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sand.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sand
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sapling.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Sapling
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sea_lantern.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Sea Lantern
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.silver_glazed_terracotta.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.silver_shulker_box.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.skull.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.slime.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Slime Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow_layer.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Sand
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sponge.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sponge
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_door.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_fence.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.standing_banner.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE White Banner
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.standing_sign.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_button.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_slab.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_slab2.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stonebrick.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.structure_block.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Structure Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.structure_void.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Structure Void
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tnt.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE TNT
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.torch.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.vine.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Vines
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wall_banner.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE White Banner
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.water.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.waterlily.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Lily Pad
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.web.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobweb
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wheat.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Crops
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.white_glazed_terracotta.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE White Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.white_shulker_box.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE White Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_button.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_door.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wool.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Flower
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.yellow_glazed_terracotta.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.yellow_shulker_box.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.modernlamps.ceiling_lamp_01.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ceiling Light
fe.protection.explode.modernlamps.ceiling_neon_lamp.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE  Ceiling Neon Light
fe.protection.explode.modernlamps.neon_in_glass.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass With Neons Light
fe.protection.explode.modernlamps.outdoor_lamp_01.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ground Light 01
fe.protection.explode.modernlamps.outdoor_lamp_02.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ground Light 02
fe.protection.explode.modernlamps.suspended_neon.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Suspended Neon Light
fe.protection.explode.modernlamps.vertical_neon_lamp_bottom.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE Vertical Neon Light Bottom
fe.protection.explode.modernlamps.vertical_neon_lamp_middle.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE Vertical Neon Light Middle
fe.protection.explode.modernlamps.vertical_neon_lamp_top.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Vertical Neon Light Top
fe.protection.explode.modernlamps.vertical_neons_lamp_bottom.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Vertical Neons Light Bottom
fe.protection.explode.modernlamps.vertical_neons_lamp_middle.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Vertical Neons Light Middle
fe.protection.explode.modernlamps.vertical_neons_lamp_top.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Vertical Neons Light Top
fe.protection.explode.modernlamps.wall_light_01.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Wall Light 01
fe.protection.explode.modernlamps.wall_light_02.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Wall Light 02
fe.protection.explode.modernlamps.wall_neon.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Wall Neon Light
fe.protection.explode.omlib.network_cable.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.network_cable.name
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.adapter.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Adapter
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.assembler.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.cable.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cable
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.capacitor.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Capacitor
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.carpetedcapacitor.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpeted Capacitor
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.case1.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.case2.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.case3.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.casecreative.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.chameliumblock.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.charger.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Charger
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.disassembler.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Disassembler
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.diskdrive.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Disk Drive
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.endstone.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.geolyzer.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Geolyzer
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.hologram1.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.hologram2.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.keyboard.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Keyboard
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.microcontroller.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Microcontroller
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.motionsensor.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Motion Sensor
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.netsplitter.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Net Splitter
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.powerconverter.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Power Converter
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.powerdistributor.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Power Distributor
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.print.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE 3D Print
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.printer.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE 3D Printer
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.rack.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Rack
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.raid.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Raid
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.redstone.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone I/O
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.relay.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Relay
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.robot.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE robot.name
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.robotafterimage.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Robot
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.screen1.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.screen2.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.screen3.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.transposer.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Transposer
fe.protection.explode.opencomputers.waypoint.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Waypoint
fe.protection.explode.openentity.dnadevice.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE DNA Device
fe.protection.explode.openentity.entityproxy.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Entity Proxy
fe.protection.explode.openfm.radio.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Radio
fe.protection.explode.openfm.speaker.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Speaker
fe.protection.explode.openglasses.openglassesterminal.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Glasses Terminal
fe.protection.explode.openprinter.briefcase.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Briefcase
fe.protection.explode.openprinter.filecabinet.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Open File Cabinet
fe.protection.explode.openprinter.printer.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Open Printer
fe.protection.explode.openprinter.shredder.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Open Shredder
fe.protection.explode.openscreens.backflatscreen1.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Flatscreen (Back) (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.openscreens.backflatscreen2.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE §eFlatscreen (Back) (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.openscreens.backflatscreen3.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE §bFlatscreen (Back) (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.openscreens.frontflatscreen1.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Flatscreen (Front) (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.openscreens.frontflatscreen2.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE §eFlatscreen (Front) (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.openscreens.frontflatscreen3.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE §bFlatscreen (Front) (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.openscreens.holoscreen1.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Holo Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.explode.openscreens.holoscreen2.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE §eHolo Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.explode.openscreens.holoscreen3.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE §bHolo Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.alarm.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Alarm
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.biometric_reader.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Biometric Reader
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.card_writer.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Card Writer
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.data_block.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Data Block
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.door_controller.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Door Controller
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.energy_turret.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Turret
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.entity_detector.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Entity Detector
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.keypad.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Keypad
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.mag_reader.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Magnetic Card Reader
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.nanofog.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE NanoFog
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.nanofog_terminal.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE NanoFog Terminal
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.private_secure_door.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Private Security Door
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.rfid_reader.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE RFID Reader
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.rolldoor.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Rolldoor
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.rolldoor_controller.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Rolldoor Controller
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.rolldoor_element.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Rolldoor Element
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.secure_door.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Security Door
fe.protection.explode.opensecurity.security_terminal.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Security Terminal
fe.protection.explode.projectred-expansion.machine1.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.explode.projectred-expansion.machine2.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.explode.projectred-exploration.barrel.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.exploration.barrel.name
fe.protection.explode.projectred-exploration.ore.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.exploration.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.projectred-exploration.stone.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.exploration.stone.name
fe.protection.explode.projectred-exploration.stone_wall.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.exploration.stoneWall.name
fe.protection.explode.projectred-fabrication.ic_machine.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.fabrication.icMachine.name
fe.protection.explode.projectred-illumination.lamp.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.explode.projectred-relocation.blockmovingrow.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.projectred-relocation.frame.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.projectred.relocation.frame.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.actuator.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.actuator.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.admin_steam_producer.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Admin Steam Producer
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.anvil.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.battery_nickel_iron.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Nickel-Iron Battery
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.battery_nickel_zinc.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Nickel-Zinc Battery
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.battery_zinc_carbon.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Zinc-Carbon Battery
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.battery_zinc_silver.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Zinc-Silver Battery
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.blast_furnace.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Blast Furnace Brick
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.boiler_firebox_fluid.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Fueled Boiler Firebox
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.boiler_firebox_solid.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Solid Fueled Boiler Firebox
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.boiler_tank_pressure_high.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE High Pressure Boiler Tank
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.boiler_tank_pressure_low.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Low Pressure Boiler Tank
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.brick_abyssal.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.brick_andesite.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.andesite.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.brick_bleachedbone.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.brick_bloodstained.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.brick_diorite.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.diorite.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.brick_frostbound.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.brick_granite.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.granite.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.brick_infernal.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.brick_nether.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.brick_pearlized.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.pearlized.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.brick_quarried.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.brick_red_nether.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.red.nether.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.brick_red_sandy.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.red.sandy.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.brick_sandy.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.charge_feeder.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.charge.feeder.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.charge_trap.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Charge Trap
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.chest_metals.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Metals Chest
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.chest_void.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Chest
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.coke_oven.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Coke Oven Brick
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.coke_oven_red.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.coke.oven.red.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.creosote.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Creosote
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.detector.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.equipment.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.equipment.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.flux_transformer.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Transformer
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.force_track_emitter.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Force Track Emitter
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.frame.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.generic.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.generic.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.glass.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.glass.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.logbook.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Logbook
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.manipulator.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.manipulator.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.metal.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.metal.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.ore.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.ore_magic.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.ore.magic.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.ore_metal.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.ore.metal.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.ore_metal_poor.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.ore.metal.poor.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.post_metal.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.post_metal_platform.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.reinforced_concrete.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.reinforced.concrete.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.ritual.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.ritual.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.rock_crusher.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Rock Crusher
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.signal.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.signal_box.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.signal.box.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.signal_dual.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.signal.dual.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.steam.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.steam_oven.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam Oven
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.steam_turbine.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Steam Turbine Housing
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.tank_iron_gauge.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Tank Gauge
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.tank_iron_valve.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Tank Valve
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.tank_iron_wall.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Tank Wall
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.tank_steel_gauge.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Steel Tank Gauge
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.tank_steel_valve.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Steel Tank Valve
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.tank_steel_wall.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Steel Tank Wall
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.tank_water.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Tank Siding
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.track_elevator.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Elevator Track
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.track_flex_abandoned.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Abandoned Track
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.track_flex_electric.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Electric Track
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.track_flex_high_speed.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE High Speed Track
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.track_flex_hs_electric.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE High Speed Electric Track
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.track_flex_reinforced.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Track
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.track_flex_strap_iron.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Strap Iron Track
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.track_force.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Force Track
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.track_outfitted.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.railcraft.track.outfitted.name
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.trade_station.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Trade Station
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.wire.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Charge Shunting Wire
fe.protection.explode.railcraft.worldlogic.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.arrowtarget.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Arrow Target
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.automaticswitch1.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Infrared Entity Detector
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.automaticswitch2.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Linear Laser Entity Detector
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.automaticswitch3.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Local Light Sensor
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.automaticswitch4.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Day Timer Clock
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.automaticswitch5.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Rain Sensor
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.automaticswitch6.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Thunderstorm Detector
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.automaticswitch7.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Interval Signal Timer
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.bistableswitch1.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Rotary Machine Switch
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.bistableswitch2.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Contact Lever
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.bistableswitch3.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Two-Button Machine Switch
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.bistableswitch4.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Light Switch
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.bistableswitch5.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE ESTOP Button
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.bistableswitch6.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopper Blocker
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.bistableswitch7.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Rotary Lever
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.bistableswitch8.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Lever
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.bistableswitch_glass1.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Bistable Glass Switch
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.bistableswitch_glass2.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Bistable Glass Touch Switch
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy1.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Old Fancy Lever
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy2.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Old Fancy Rotary Lever
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy3.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Bistable Switch
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy4.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Bistable Switch
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy5.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Bistable Switch
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy6.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Bistable Switch
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy7.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Bistable Switch
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic1.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Rustic Lever
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic2.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Rustic Two-Hinge Lever
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic3.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Rustic Rotary Lever
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic4.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bistable Switch
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic5.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bistable Switch
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic6.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bistable Switch
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic7.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Rustic Nail Lever
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.contactmat1.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Door Contact Mat
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.contactmat2.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Contact Mat
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.contactmat3.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Shock Sensitive Contact Mat
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.contactmat_glass1.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Configurable Glass Contact Plate
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.contactmat_glass2.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Contact Plate
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.contactmat_rustic1.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Rustic Door Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.contactmat_rustic2.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Rustic Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.contactmat_rustic3.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Rustic Shock Sensitive Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.daytimeswitch_glass1.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Day Timer Clock
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.detectorswitch_glass1.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Infrared Entity Detector
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.detectorswitch_glass2.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Linear Laser Entity Detector
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.dimmerswitch1.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Dimmer
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.door_sensor_switch.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Door sensor
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.elevator_button.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Elevator Button
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.flatgauge1.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Analog Voltmeter Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.flatgauge2.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Analog Bar Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.flatgauge3.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Digital Display Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.flatgauge4.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Bar Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.flatgauge5.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Tube Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.flatgauge6.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Analog Voltmeter Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.gauge_rustic2.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Rustic Circular Wall Meter Redstone gauge
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.indicator1.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Green LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.indicator1blink1.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Blinking LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.indicator2.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.indicator2blink1.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Blinking LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.indicator3.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Red LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.indicator3blink1.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Red LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.indicator4.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Alarm Lamp
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.indicator_led_white.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE White LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.indicator_led_white_blink.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE White Blinking LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.indicator_rustic_flag.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Rustic Redstone Semaphore
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.industrial_comparator_switch.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Comparator Switch
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.industrial_knock_button.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Knock Detector Pulse Switch (industrial)
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.industrial_knock_switch.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Knock Detector Bistable Switch (industrial)
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.observerswitch1.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Block Category Detector
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.powerplant_red.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Red power plant
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.powerplant_yellow.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow power plant
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.pulseswitch1.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Machine Button
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.pulseswitch2.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Fenced Machine Button
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.pulseswitch3.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Pull Handle Button
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.pulseswitch5.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Foot Button
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.pulseswitch6.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Button
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.pulseswitch_glass1.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Button
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.pulseswitch_glass2.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Glass Button
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.pulseswitch_glass3.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Touch Button
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.pulseswitch_oldfancy1.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Old Fancy Button
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.pulseswitch_oldfancy2.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Old Fancy Chain Button
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.pulseswitch_oldfancy3.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Pulse Switch
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.pulseswitch_oldfancy4.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Old Fancy Button
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic1.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Rustic Button
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic2.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Rustic Small Button
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic3.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Rustic Chain Button
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic4.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pulse switch
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic5.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pulse switch
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic6.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pulse switch
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic7.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Rustic Nail Button
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.relay_bistableswitchrx1.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Switch Link Receiver
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.relay_bistableswitchrx2.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Cased Switch Link Receiver
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.relay_bistableswitchtx1.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Switch Link Sender
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.relay_pulseswitchrx1.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Pulse Switch Link Receiver
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.relay_pulseswitchrx2.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Cased Pulse Switch Link Receiver
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.relay_pulseswitchtx1.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Switch Link Pulse Sender
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.sensitiveglass.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Light Emitting)
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_black.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Black-Stained)
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_blue.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Blue-Stained)
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_brown.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Brown-Stained)
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_cyan.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Cyan-Stained)
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_gray.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Gray-Stained)
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_green.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Green-Stained)
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_inverted.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Inverted, Light Emitting)
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_lightblue.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Light-Blue-Stained)
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_lightgray.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Light-Gray-Stained)
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_lime.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Lime-Stained)
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_magenta.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Magenta-Stained)
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_orange.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Orange-Stained)
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_pink.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Pink-Stained)
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_purple.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Purple-Stained)
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_red.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Red-Stained)
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_white.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (White-Stained)
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_yellow.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Yellow-Stained)
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.soundindicator1.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Alarm Siren
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.timerswitch_glass1.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Interval Signal Timer
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch1.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Shock Activated Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch2.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Sensitive Shock Activated Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch3.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Industrial Fall-Through Detection Frame
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch_rustic1.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Rustic Shock Activated Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch_rustic2.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Rustic Sensitive Shock Activated Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch_rustic3.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Rustic Fall-Through Detector Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.rsgauges.valve_wheel_switch.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Valve Switch
fe.protection.explode.sgcraft.naquadahblock.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Naquadah Alloy Block
fe.protection.explode.sgcraft.naquadahore.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Naquadah Ore
fe.protection.explode.sgcraft.ocinterface.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE OpenComputers Stargate Interface
fe.protection.explode.sgcraft.sgpowerunit.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE SG Power Unit
fe.protection.explode.sgcraft.stargatebase.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Stargate Base
fe.protection.explode.sgcraft.stargatecontroller.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Stargate Controller
fe.protection.explode.sgcraft.stargatering.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Stargate Ring Segment
fe.protection.explode.sgcraft.zpm_console.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE ZPM Console
fe.protection.interact.*                                                   # (default: true) Allow interacting with blocks (button, chest, workbench)
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.armorstand.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:ArmorStand.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.bell.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Desk Bell
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.bookcase.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Bookcase.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.bookcasecreative.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:BookcaseCreative.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.case.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Case.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.clipboard.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Clipboard.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.clock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Clock.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.cookiejar.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cookie Jar
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.desk.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Desk.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.dinnerplate.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dinner Plate
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.discrack.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Disc Rack
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.fancysign.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:FancySign.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.fancyworkbench.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:FancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.framedchest.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:FramedChest.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.furniturepaneler.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:FurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.label.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Label.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.lampgold.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:LampGold.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.lampiron.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:LampIron.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.lanterngold.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:LanternGold.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.lanterniron.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:LanternIron.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.mapframe.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:MapFrame.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.markerpole.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:MarkerPole.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.paintingframeborderless.*               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameBorderless.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.paintingframefancy.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFancy.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.paintingframeflat.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFlat.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.paintingframemiddle.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameMiddle.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.paintingframesimple.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameSimple.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.paintingpress.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Painting Press
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.potionshelf.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:PotionShelf.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.printingpress.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Printing Press
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.seat.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Seat.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.shelf.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Shelf.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.swordpedestal.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:SwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.table.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Table.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.toolrack.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:ToolRack.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.typesettingtable.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Typesetting Table
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.typewriter.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Typewriter.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.andesite.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.andesite1.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.andesite2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.antiblock.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Antiblock
fe.protection.interact.chisel.auto_chisel.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Chisel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.basalt.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.basalt1.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.basalt2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_charcoal.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_charcoal1.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_charcoal2.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal2.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal_coke.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal_coke1.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal_coke2.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockaluminum.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockbronze.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Bronze
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockcobalt.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Cobalt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockcopper.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Copper
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockelectrum.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Electrum
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockgold.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockinvar.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Invar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockiron.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blocklead.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Lead
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blocknickel.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Nickel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockplatinum.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Platinum
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blocksilver.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Silver
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blocksteel.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Steel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blocktin.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Tin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockuranium.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Uranium
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_acacia.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_birch.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_darkoak.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_jungle.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_oak.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_spruce.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bricks.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bricks1.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bricks2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.brownstone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Brownstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_black.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Black Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_blue.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_brown.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_cyan.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_gray.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_green.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Green Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_lightblue.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_lightgray.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_lime.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_magenta.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_orange.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_pink.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_purple.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_red.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Red Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_white.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT White Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_yellow.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Carpet
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cloud.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cloud
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestone.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestone1.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestone2.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestonemossy.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Moss Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestonemossy1.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Moss Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestonemossy2.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Moss Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_black.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Black Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_black1.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Black Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_black2.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Black Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_blue.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_blue1.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_blue2.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_brown.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_brown1.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_brown2.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_cyan.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_cyan1.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_cyan2.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_gray.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_gray1.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_gray2.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_green.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Green Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_green1.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Green Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_green2.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Green Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightblue.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightblue1.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightblue2.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightgray.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightgray1.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightgray2.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lime.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lime1.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lime2.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_magenta.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_magenta1.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_magenta2.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_orange.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_orange1.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_orange2.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_pink.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_pink1.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_pink2.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_purple.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_purple1.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_purple2.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_red.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Red Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_red1.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Red Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_red2.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Red Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_white.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT White Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_white1.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT White Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_white2.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT White Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_yellow.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_yellow1.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_yellow2.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diamond.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Diamond
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diorite.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diorite1.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diorite2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.dirt.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.emerald.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Emerald
fe.protection.interact.chisel.endstone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Endstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.endstone1.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Endstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.endstone2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Endstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.energizedvoidstone.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Primal Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.factory.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.factory1.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.futura.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Futura Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glass.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glass1.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedblack.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Black Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedblue.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedbrown.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedcyan.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedgray.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedgreen.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Green Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedlightblue.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedlightgray.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedlime.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedmagenta.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedorange.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedpink.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedpurple.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedred.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Red Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedwhite.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT White Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedyellow.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspane.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspane1.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedblack.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Black Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedblue.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedbrown.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedcyan.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedgray.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedgreen.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Green Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedlightblue.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedlightgray.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedlime.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedmagenta.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedorange.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedpink.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedpurple.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedred.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Red Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedwhite.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT White Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glasspanedyedyellow.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glowstone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glowstone1.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glowstone2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.gold.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.chisel.granite.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Granite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.granite1.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Granite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.granite2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Granite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hardenedclay.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hardenedclay1.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hardenedclay2.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice1.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.icepillar.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.iron.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ironpane.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.chisel.laboratory.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lapis.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lavastone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lavastone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lavastone1.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Lavastone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lavastone2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Lavastone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone1.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Marble
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble1.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Marble
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Marble
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marblepillar.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.netherbrick.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.chisel.netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.chisel.obsidian.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.chisel.paper.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Paper Wall
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-acacia.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-birch.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-dark-oak.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-jungle.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-oak.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-spruce.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.prismarine.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Prismarine
fe.protection.interact.chisel.prismarine1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Prismarine
fe.protection.interact.chisel.prismarine2.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Prismarine
fe.protection.interact.chisel.purpur.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.purpur1.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.purpur2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.quartz.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Quartz
fe.protection.interact.chisel.quartz1.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Quartz
fe.protection.interact.chisel.redstone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Redstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.redstone1.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Redstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstone-scribbles.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstonered-scribbles.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstonered.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstonered1.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstonered2.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstoneyellow.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstoneyellow1.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstoneyellow2.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stonebrick.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stonebrick1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stonebrick2.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical1.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technicalnew.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.temple.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Temple Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.templemossy.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.tyrian.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Tyrian
fe.protection.interact.chisel.valentines.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Valentines' Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstonerunic.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Runed Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.waterstone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Waterstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.waterstone1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Waterstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.waterstone2.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Waterstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_black.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Black Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_blue.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_brown.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_cyan.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_gray.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_green.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Green Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_lightblue.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_lightgray.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_lime.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_magenta.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_orange.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_pink.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_purple.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_red.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Red Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_white.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_yellow.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Wool
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.bittank.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Fluid Bit Tank
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_clay.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Clay
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_cloth.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Cloth
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_fluid.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Fluid
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_glass.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Glass
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_grass.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Grass
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_ground.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Ground
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_ice.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Ice
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_iron.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Metal
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_leaves.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Leaves
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_packedice.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_rock.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Rock
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_sand.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Sand
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_snow.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Snow
fe.protection.interact.chiselsandbits.chiseled_wood.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Wood
fe.protection.interact.clipboard.clipboard.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.clipboard:clipboard.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_black.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.black.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_blue.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.blue.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_brown.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.brown.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_cyan.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.cyan.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_gray.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.gray.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_green.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.green.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_light_blue.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.light_blue.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_lime.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.lime.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_magenta.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.magenta.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_orange.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.orange.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_pink.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.pink.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_purple.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.purple.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_red.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.red.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_silver.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.silver.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_white.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.white.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.hammock_yellow.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.hammock.yellow.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.rope.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Rope and Nail
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_black.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.black.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_blue.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.blue.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_brown.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.brown.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_cyan.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.cyan.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_gray.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.gray.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_green.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.green.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_light_blue.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.light_blue.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_lime.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.lime.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_magenta.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.magenta.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_orange.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.orange.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_pink.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.pink.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_purple.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.purple.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_red.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.red.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_silver.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.silver.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_white.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.white.name
fe.protection.interact.comforts.sleeping_bag_yellow.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.yellow.name
fe.protection.interact.computronics.audio_cable.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Audio Cable
fe.protection.interact.computronics.camera.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Camera
fe.protection.interact.computronics.chat_box.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Chat Box
fe.protection.interact.computronics.cipher.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cipher Block
fe.protection.interact.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.interact.computronics.colorful_lamp.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.interact.computronics.digital_box.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.computronics.digital_box.name
fe.protection.interact.computronics.digital_detector.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Cart Detector - Digital
fe.protection.interact.computronics.iron_note_block.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Note Block
fe.protection.interact.computronics.locomotive_relay.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.interact.computronics.radar.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Radar
fe.protection.interact.computronics.speaker.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Speaker
fe.protection.interact.computronics.speech_box.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Speech Box
fe.protection.interact.computronics.tape_reader.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Tape Drive
fe.protection.interact.computronics.ticket_machine.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ticket Machine
fe.protection.interact.entity                                              # (default: true) Allow interacting with entities (villagers, dogs, horses)
fe.protection.interact.forgemultipartcbe.multipart_block.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_chest.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_black.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxblack.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_blue.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxblue.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_brown.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxbrown.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_cyan.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxcyan.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_gray.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxgray.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_green.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxgreen.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_light_blue.*             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxlight_blue.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_lime.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxlime.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_magenta.*                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxmagenta.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_orange.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxorange.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_pink.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxpink.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_purple.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxpurple.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_red.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxred.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_silver.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxsilver.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_white.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxwhite.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_yellow.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxyellow.name
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.big_door_acacia_3x3.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Large Acacia Double Doors
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.big_door_birch_3x3.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Large Birch Double Doors
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.big_door_dark_oak_3x3.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Large Dark Oak Double Doors
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.big_door_iron_3x3.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Large Iron Double Doors
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.big_door_jungle_3x3.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Large Jungle Double Doors
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.big_door_oak_3x3.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Large Oak Double Doors
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.big_door_rusty_3x3.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Large Rusty Iron Double Doors
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.big_door_spruce_3x3.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Large Spruce Double Doors
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.camofencegate.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Camo Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.carriage_door.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Carriage Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_black.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Black Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_blue.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_brown.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_cyan.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_gray.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_green.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Green Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_light_blue.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_lime.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_magenta.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_orange.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_pink.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_purple.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_red.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Red Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_silver.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT SilverCurtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_white.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT White Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.curtain_yellow.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.customdoor.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT item.customDoor.name
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.door_factory.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Door Factory
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.factory_door.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.forcefielddoor.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Forcefield
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.garage_door.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Garage Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.hitechdoor.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Hi-tech Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.iron_sliding_door.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.jail_door.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Jail Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.laboratory_door.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.medieval_door.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Medieval Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.rustyhatch.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Rusty Hatch
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.rustyladder.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Rusty Ladder
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.saloon.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Saloon Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.shoji_door.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Shoji Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.sliding_trapdoor.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sliding Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.trapdoor_acacia.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.trapdoor_birch.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.trapdoor_dark_oak.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.trapdoor_jungle.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.trapdoor_spruce.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.verticalhatch.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Door
fe.protection.interact.malisisdoors.wood_sliding_door.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.interact.mcmultipart.multipart.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_door.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_fence.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_fence_gate.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.activator_rail.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Activator Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.air.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Air
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.anvil.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Anvil
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.barrier.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Barrier
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.beacon.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Beacon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bed.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bed.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bedrock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Bedrock
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.beetroots.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Beetroots
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_door.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_fence.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.black_glazed_terracotta.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Black Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.black_shulker_box.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Black Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.blue_glazed_terracotta.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.blue_shulker_box.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bone_block.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Bone Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bookshelf.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Brewing Stand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_block.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_glazed_terracotta.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_shulker_box.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cactus.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cake.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cake
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carpet.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Carpet
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carrots.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Carrots
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cauldron.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cauldron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chain_command_block.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Chain Command Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chest.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chorus_flower.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Chorus Flower
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chorus_plant.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Chorus Plant
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.clay.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_block.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Coal Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cocoa.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cocoa
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.command_block.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Command Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.concrete.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.concrete.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.concrete_powder.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.concretePowder.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.crafting_table.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cyan_glazed_terracotta.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cyan_shulker_box.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_fence.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_fence_gate.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.daylight_detector_inverted.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.deadbush.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dead Bush
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.detector_rail.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Detector Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_block.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Diamond
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dirt.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dispenser.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dispenser
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_plant.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Plant
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_stone_slab2.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Dragon Egg
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dropper.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Dropper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_block.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Emerald
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_bricks.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_gateway.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT End Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_rod.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT End Rod
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ender_chest.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.farmland.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Farmland
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fire.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flower_pot.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Flower Pot
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_water.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.frosted_ice.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Frosted Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.furnace.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass_pane.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glowstone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_block.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.golden_rail.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Booster Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.grass.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.grass_path.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Path
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gravel.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Gravel
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gray_glazed_terracotta.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gray_shulker_box.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.green_glazed_terracotta.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Green Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.green_shulker_box.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Green Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hay_block.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Hay Bale
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*           # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hopper.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hopper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ice.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_bars.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_block.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_door.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_trapdoor.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jukebox.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jukebox
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_door.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_fence.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_fence_gate.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ladder.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ladder
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_block.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lava.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lever.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lever
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.light_blue_glazed_terracotta.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.light_blue_shulker_box.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*           # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lime_glazed_terracotta.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lime_shulker_box.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.magenta_glazed_terracotta.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.magenta_shulker_box.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.magma.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Magma Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_block.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Melon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_stem.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Monster Spawner
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.monster_egg.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Monster Egg
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Moss Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mycelium.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mycelium
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_wart.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Wart
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_wart_block.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.netherrack.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.noteblock.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Note Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.observer.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Observer
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.obsidian.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.orange_glazed_terracotta.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.orange_shulker_box.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.packed_ice.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pink_glazed_terracotta.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pink_shulker_box.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_extension.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_head.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.planks.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Planks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.portal.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.potatoes.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Potatoes
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.prismarine.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Prismarine
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purple_glazed_terracotta.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purple_shulker_box.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purpur_block.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purpur_double_slab.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purpur_pillar.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Pillar
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purpur_slab.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purpur_stairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_block.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Quartz
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.rail.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Track
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_flower.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Flower
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_glazed_terracotta.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Red Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_nether_brick.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Red Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_sandstone.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_sandstone_stairs.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_shulker_box.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Red Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_block.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Redstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Dust
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.reeds.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sugar cane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.repeating_command_block.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Repeating Command Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sand.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sapling.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Sapling
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sea_lantern.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Sea Lantern
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.silver_glazed_terracotta.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.silver_shulker_box.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.skull.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.slime.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Slime Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow_layer.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.soul_sand.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Sand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sponge.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sponge
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_door.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_fence.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_fence_gate.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.standing_banner.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT White Banner
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.standing_sign.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sticky Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_button.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_slab.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_slab2.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stonebrick.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.structure_block.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Structure Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.structure_void.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Structure Void
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tallgrass.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Grass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tnt.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT TNT
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.torch.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Trapped Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.vine.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Vines
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wall_banner.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT White Banner
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wall_sign.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.water.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.waterlily.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Lily Pad
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.web.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Cobweb
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wheat.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Crops
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.white_glazed_terracotta.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT White Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.white_shulker_box.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT White Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_button.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_door.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wool.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Flower
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.yellow_glazed_terracotta.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.yellow_shulker_box.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.modernlamps.ceiling_lamp_01.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ceiling Light
fe.protection.interact.modernlamps.ceiling_neon_lamp.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT  Ceiling Neon Light
fe.protection.interact.modernlamps.neon_in_glass.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Glass With Neons Light
fe.protection.interact.modernlamps.outdoor_lamp_01.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ground Light 01
fe.protection.interact.modernlamps.outdoor_lamp_02.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ground Light 02
fe.protection.interact.modernlamps.suspended_neon.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Suspended Neon Light
fe.protection.interact.modernlamps.vertical_neon_lamp_bottom.*             # (default: true) INTERACT Vertical Neon Light Bottom
fe.protection.interact.modernlamps.vertical_neon_lamp_middle.*             # (default: true) INTERACT Vertical Neon Light Middle
fe.protection.interact.modernlamps.vertical_neon_lamp_top.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Vertical Neon Light Top
fe.protection.interact.modernlamps.vertical_neons_lamp_bottom.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Vertical Neons Light Bottom
fe.protection.interact.modernlamps.vertical_neons_lamp_middle.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Vertical Neons Light Middle
fe.protection.interact.modernlamps.vertical_neons_lamp_top.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Vertical Neons Light Top
fe.protection.interact.modernlamps.wall_light_01.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Wall Light 01
fe.protection.interact.modernlamps.wall_light_02.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Wall Light 02
fe.protection.interact.modernlamps.wall_neon.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Wall Neon Light
fe.protection.interact.omlib.network_cable.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.network_cable.name
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.adapter.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Adapter
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.assembler.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.cable.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cable
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.capacitor.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Capacitor
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.carpetedcapacitor.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Carpeted Capacitor
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.case1.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.case2.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.case3.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.casecreative.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.chameliumblock.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.charger.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Charger
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.disassembler.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Disassembler
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.diskdrive.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Disk Drive
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.endstone.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.geolyzer.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Geolyzer
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.hologram1.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.hologram2.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.keyboard.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Keyboard
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.microcontroller.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Microcontroller
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.motionsensor.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Motion Sensor
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.netsplitter.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Net Splitter
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.powerconverter.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Power Converter
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.powerdistributor.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Power Distributor
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.print.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT 3D Print
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.printer.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT 3D Printer
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.rack.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Rack
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.raid.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Raid
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.redstone.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone I/O
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.relay.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Relay
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.robot.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT robot.name
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.robotafterimage.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Robot
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.screen1.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.screen2.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.screen3.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.transposer.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Transposer
fe.protection.interact.opencomputers.waypoint.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Waypoint
fe.protection.interact.openentity.dnadevice.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT DNA Device
fe.protection.interact.openentity.entityproxy.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Entity Proxy
fe.protection.interact.openfm.radio.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Radio
fe.protection.interact.openfm.speaker.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Speaker
fe.protection.interact.openglasses.openglassesterminal.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Glasses Terminal
fe.protection.interact.openprinter.briefcase.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Briefcase
fe.protection.interact.openprinter.filecabinet.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Open File Cabinet
fe.protection.interact.openprinter.printer.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Open Printer
fe.protection.interact.openprinter.shredder.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Open Shredder
fe.protection.interact.openscreens.backflatscreen1.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Flatscreen (Back) (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.openscreens.backflatscreen2.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT §eFlatscreen (Back) (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.openscreens.backflatscreen3.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT §bFlatscreen (Back) (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.openscreens.frontflatscreen1.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Flatscreen (Front) (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.openscreens.frontflatscreen2.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT §eFlatscreen (Front) (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.openscreens.frontflatscreen3.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT §bFlatscreen (Front) (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.openscreens.holoscreen1.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Holo Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.interact.openscreens.holoscreen2.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT §eHolo Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.interact.openscreens.holoscreen3.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT §bHolo Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.alarm.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Alarm
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.biometric_reader.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Biometric Reader
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.card_writer.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Card Writer
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.data_block.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Data Block
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.door_controller.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Door Controller
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.energy_turret.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Turret
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.entity_detector.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Entity Detector
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.keypad.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Keypad
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.mag_reader.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Magnetic Card Reader
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.nanofog.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT NanoFog
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.nanofog_terminal.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT NanoFog Terminal
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.private_secure_door.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Private Security Door
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.rfid_reader.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT RFID Reader
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.rolldoor.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Rolldoor
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.rolldoor_controller.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Rolldoor Controller
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.rolldoor_element.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Rolldoor Element
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.secure_door.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Security Door
fe.protection.interact.opensecurity.security_terminal.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Security Terminal
fe.protection.interact.projectred-expansion.machine1.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.interact.projectred-expansion.machine2.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.interact.projectred-exploration.barrel.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.exploration.barrel.name
fe.protection.interact.projectred-exploration.ore.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.exploration.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.projectred-exploration.stone.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.exploration.stone.name
fe.protection.interact.projectred-exploration.stone_wall.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.exploration.stoneWall.name
fe.protection.interact.projectred-fabrication.ic_machine.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.fabrication.icMachine.name
fe.protection.interact.projectred-illumination.lamp.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.interact.projectred-relocation.blockmovingrow.*              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.projectred-relocation.frame.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.projectred.relocation.frame.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.actuator.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.actuator.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.admin_steam_producer.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Admin Steam Producer
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.anvil.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.battery_nickel_iron.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Nickel-Iron Battery
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.battery_nickel_zinc.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Nickel-Zinc Battery
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.battery_zinc_carbon.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Zinc-Carbon Battery
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.battery_zinc_silver.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Zinc-Silver Battery
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.blast_furnace.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Blast Furnace Brick
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.boiler_firebox_fluid.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Fueled Boiler Firebox
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.boiler_firebox_solid.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Solid Fueled Boiler Firebox
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.boiler_tank_pressure_high.*               # (default: true) INTERACT High Pressure Boiler Tank
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.boiler_tank_pressure_low.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Low Pressure Boiler Tank
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.brick_abyssal.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.brick_andesite.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.andesite.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.brick_bleachedbone.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.brick_bloodstained.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.brick_diorite.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.diorite.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.brick_frostbound.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.brick_granite.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.granite.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.brick_infernal.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.brick_nether.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.brick_pearlized.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.pearlized.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.brick_quarried.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.brick_red_nether.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.red.nether.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.brick_red_sandy.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.red.sandy.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.brick_sandy.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.charge_feeder.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.charge.feeder.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.charge_trap.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Charge Trap
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.chest_metals.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Metals Chest
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.chest_void.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Void Chest
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.coke_oven.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Coke Oven Brick
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.coke_oven_red.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.coke.oven.red.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.creosote.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Creosote
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.detector.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.equipment.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.equipment.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.flux_transformer.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Transformer
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.force_track_emitter.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Force Track Emitter
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.frame.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.generic.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.generic.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.glass.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.glass.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.logbook.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Logbook
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.manipulator.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.manipulator.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.metal.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.metal.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.ore.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.ore_magic.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.ore.magic.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.ore_metal.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.ore.metal.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.ore_metal_poor.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.ore.metal.poor.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.post_metal.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.post_metal_platform.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.reinforced_concrete.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.reinforced.concrete.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.ritual.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.ritual.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.rock_crusher.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Rock Crusher
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.signal.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.signal_box.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.signal.box.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.signal_dual.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.signal.dual.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.steam.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Steam
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.steam_oven.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Steam Oven
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.steam_turbine.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Steam Turbine Housing
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.tank_iron_gauge.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Tank Gauge
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.tank_iron_valve.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Tank Valve
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.tank_iron_wall.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Tank Wall
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.tank_steel_gauge.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Steel Tank Gauge
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.tank_steel_valve.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Steel Tank Valve
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.tank_steel_wall.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Steel Tank Wall
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.tank_water.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Water Tank Siding
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.track_elevator.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Elevator Track
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.track_flex_abandoned.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Abandoned Track
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.track_flex_electric.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Electric Track
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.track_flex_high_speed.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT High Speed Track
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.track_flex_hs_electric.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT High Speed Electric Track
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.track_flex_reinforced.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Track
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.track_flex_strap_iron.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Strap Iron Track
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.track_force.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Force Track
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.track_outfitted.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.railcraft.track.outfitted.name
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.trade_station.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Trade Station
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.wire.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Charge Shunting Wire
fe.protection.interact.railcraft.worldlogic.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.arrowtarget.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Arrow Target
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.automaticswitch1.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Infrared Entity Detector
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.automaticswitch2.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Linear Laser Entity Detector
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.automaticswitch3.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Local Light Sensor
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.automaticswitch4.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Day Timer Clock
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.automaticswitch5.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Rain Sensor
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.automaticswitch6.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Thunderstorm Detector
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.automaticswitch7.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Interval Signal Timer
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.bistableswitch1.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Rotary Machine Switch
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.bistableswitch2.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Contact Lever
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.bistableswitch3.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Two-Button Machine Switch
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.bistableswitch4.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Small Light Switch
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.bistableswitch5.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT ESTOP Button
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.bistableswitch6.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Hopper Blocker
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.bistableswitch7.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Rotary Lever
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.bistableswitch8.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Lever
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.bistableswitch_glass1.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Bistable Glass Switch
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.bistableswitch_glass2.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Bistable Glass Touch Switch
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy1.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Old Fancy Lever
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy2.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Old Fancy Rotary Lever
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy3.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Bistable Switch
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy4.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Bistable Switch
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy5.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Bistable Switch
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy6.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Bistable Switch
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy7.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Bistable Switch
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic1.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Rustic Lever
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic2.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Rustic Two-Hinge Lever
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic3.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Rustic Rotary Lever
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic4.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bistable Switch
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic5.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bistable Switch
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic6.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bistable Switch
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic7.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Rustic Nail Lever
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.contactmat1.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Door Contact Mat
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.contactmat2.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Contact Mat
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.contactmat3.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Shock Sensitive Contact Mat
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.contactmat_glass1.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Configurable Glass Contact Plate
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.contactmat_glass2.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Contact Plate
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.contactmat_rustic1.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Rustic Door Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.contactmat_rustic2.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Rustic Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.contactmat_rustic3.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Rustic Shock Sensitive Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.daytimeswitch_glass1.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Day Timer Clock
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.detectorswitch_glass1.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Infrared Entity Detector
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.detectorswitch_glass2.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Linear Laser Entity Detector
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.dimmerswitch1.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Dimmer
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.door_sensor_switch.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Door sensor
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.elevator_button.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Elevator Button
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.flatgauge1.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Analog Voltmeter Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.flatgauge2.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Analog Bar Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.flatgauge3.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Small Digital Display Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.flatgauge4.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Bar Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.flatgauge5.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Tube Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.flatgauge6.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Small Analog Voltmeter Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.gauge_rustic2.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Rustic Circular Wall Meter Redstone gauge
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.indicator1.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Green LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.indicator1blink1.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Green Blinking LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.indicator2.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.indicator2blink1.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Blinking LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.indicator3.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Red LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.indicator3blink1.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Red LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.indicator4.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Alarm Lamp
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.indicator_led_white.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT White LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.indicator_led_white_blink.*                # (default: true) INTERACT White Blinking LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.indicator_rustic_flag.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Rustic Redstone Semaphore
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.industrial_comparator_switch.*             # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Comparator Switch
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.industrial_knock_button.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Knock Detector Pulse Switch (industrial)
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.industrial_knock_switch.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Knock Detector Bistable Switch (industrial)
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.observerswitch1.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Block Category Detector
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.powerplant_red.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Red power plant
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.powerplant_yellow.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow power plant
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.pulseswitch1.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Machine Button
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.pulseswitch2.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Fenced Machine Button
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.pulseswitch3.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Pull Handle Button
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.pulseswitch5.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Foot Button
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.pulseswitch6.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Button
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.pulseswitch_glass1.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Button
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.pulseswitch_glass2.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Small Glass Button
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.pulseswitch_glass3.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Touch Button
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.pulseswitch_oldfancy1.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Old Fancy Button
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.pulseswitch_oldfancy2.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Old Fancy Chain Button
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.pulseswitch_oldfancy3.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Pulse Switch
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.pulseswitch_oldfancy4.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Small Old Fancy Button
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic1.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Rustic Button
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic2.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Rustic Small Button
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic3.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Rustic Chain Button
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic4.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pulse switch
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic5.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pulse switch
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic6.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pulse switch
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic7.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Rustic Nail Button
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.relay_bistableswitchrx1.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Switch Link Receiver
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.relay_bistableswitchrx2.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Cased Switch Link Receiver
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.relay_bistableswitchtx1.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Switch Link Sender
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.relay_pulseswitchrx1.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Pulse Switch Link Receiver
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.relay_pulseswitchrx2.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Cased Pulse Switch Link Receiver
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.relay_pulseswitchtx1.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Switch Link Pulse Sender
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.sensitiveglass.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Light Emitting)
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_black.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Black-Stained)
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_blue.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Blue-Stained)
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_brown.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Brown-Stained)
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_cyan.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Cyan-Stained)
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_gray.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Gray-Stained)
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_green.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Green-Stained)
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_inverted.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Inverted, Light Emitting)
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_lightblue.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Light-Blue-Stained)
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_lightgray.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Light-Gray-Stained)
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_lime.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Lime-Stained)
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_magenta.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Magenta-Stained)
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_orange.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Orange-Stained)
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_pink.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Pink-Stained)
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_purple.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Purple-Stained)
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_red.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Red-Stained)
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_white.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (White-Stained)
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_yellow.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Yellow-Stained)
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.soundindicator1.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Alarm Siren
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.timerswitch_glass1.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Interval Signal Timer
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch1.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Shock Activated Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch2.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Sensitive Shock Activated Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch3.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Industrial Fall-Through Detection Frame
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch_rustic1.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Rustic Shock Activated Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch_rustic2.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Rustic Sensitive Shock Activated Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch_rustic3.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Rustic Fall-Through Detector Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.rsgauges.valve_wheel_switch.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Valve Switch
fe.protection.interact.sgcraft.naquadahblock.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Naquadah Alloy Block
fe.protection.interact.sgcraft.naquadahore.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Naquadah Ore
fe.protection.interact.sgcraft.ocinterface.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT OpenComputers Stargate Interface
fe.protection.interact.sgcraft.sgpowerunit.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT SG Power Unit
fe.protection.interact.sgcraft.stargatebase.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Stargate Base
fe.protection.interact.sgcraft.stargatecontroller.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Stargate Controller
fe.protection.interact.sgcraft.stargatering.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Stargate Ring Segment
fe.protection.interact.sgcraft.zpm_console.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT ZPM Console
fe.protection.place.*                                                      # (default: true) Allow placing blocks
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.armorstand.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:ArmorStand.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.bell.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Desk Bell
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.bookcase.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Bookcase.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.bookcasecreative.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:BookcaseCreative.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.case.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Case.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.clipboard.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Clipboard.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.clock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Clock.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.cookiejar.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cookie Jar
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.desk.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Desk.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.dinnerplate.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Dinner Plate
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.discrack.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Disc Rack
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.fancysign.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FancySign.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.fancyworkbench.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.framedchest.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FramedChest.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.furniturepaneler.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.label.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Label.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.lampgold.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LampGold.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.lampiron.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LampIron.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.lanterngold.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LanternGold.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.lanterniron.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LanternIron.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.mapframe.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:MapFrame.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.markerpole.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:MarkerPole.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.paintingframeborderless.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameBorderless.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.paintingframefancy.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFancy.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.paintingframeflat.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFlat.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.paintingframemiddle.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameMiddle.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.paintingframesimple.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameSimple.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.paintingpress.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Painting Press
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.potionshelf.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PotionShelf.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.printingpress.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Printing Press
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.seat.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Seat.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.shelf.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Shelf.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.swordpedestal.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:SwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.table.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Table.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.toolrack.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:ToolRack.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.typesettingtable.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.typewriter.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Typewriter.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.andesite.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.place.chisel.andesite1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.place.chisel.andesite2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.place.chisel.antiblock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Antiblock
fe.protection.place.chisel.auto_chisel.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.place.chisel.basalt.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.place.chisel.basalt1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.place.chisel.basalt2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_charcoal.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_charcoal1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_charcoal2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal_coke.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal_coke1.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal_coke2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockaluminum.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockbronze.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockcobalt.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Cobalt
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockcopper.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Copper
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockelectrum.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Electrum
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockgold.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockinvar.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Invar
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockiron.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.chisel.blocklead.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lead
fe.protection.place.chisel.blocknickel.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Nickel
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockplatinum.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Platinum
fe.protection.place.chisel.blocksilver.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Silver
fe.protection.place.chisel.blocksteel.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Steel
fe.protection.place.chisel.blocktin.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tin
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockuranium.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_acacia.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_birch.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Birch Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_darkoak.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_jungle.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_oak.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_spruce.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bricks.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.chisel.bricks1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.chisel.bricks2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.chisel.brownstone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_black.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Black Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_blue.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blue Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_brown.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Brown Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_cyan.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_gray.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Gray Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_green.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Green Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_lightblue.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_lightgray.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_lime.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lime Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_magenta.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_orange.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Orange Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_pink.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pink Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_purple.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Purple Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_red.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Red Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_white.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE White Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_yellow.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Carpet
fe.protection.place.chisel.cloud.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cloud
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestone1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestone2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestonemossy.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestonemossy1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestonemossy2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_black.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_black1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_black2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_blue.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_blue1.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_blue2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_brown.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_brown1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_brown2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_cyan.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_cyan1.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_cyan2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_gray.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_gray1.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_gray2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_green.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_green1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_green2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightblue.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightblue1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightblue2.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightgray.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightgray1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightgray2.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lime.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lime1.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lime2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_magenta.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_magenta1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_magenta2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_orange.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_orange1.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_orange2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_pink.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_pink1.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_pink2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_purple.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_purple1.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_purple2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_red.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_red1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_red2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_white.*                                # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_white1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_white2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_yellow.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_yellow1.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_yellow2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.diamond.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.place.chisel.diorite.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.place.chisel.diorite1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.place.chisel.diorite2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.place.chisel.dirt.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.chisel.emerald.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.place.chisel.endstone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.endstone1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.endstone2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.energizedvoidstone.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Primal Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.factory.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.factory1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.futura.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Futura Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.glass.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glass1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedblack.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Black Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedblue.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedbrown.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Brown Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedcyan.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedgray.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedgreen.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Green Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedlightblue.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedlightgray.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedlime.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lime Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedmagenta.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedorange.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Orange Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedpink.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pink Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedpurple.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Purple Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedred.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Red Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedwhite.*                                # (default: true) PLACE White Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedyellow.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspane.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspane1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedblack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Black Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedblue.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Blue Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedbrown.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Brown Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedcyan.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedgray.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Gray Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedgreen.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Green Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedlightblue.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedlightgray.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedlime.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Lime Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedmagenta.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedorange.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Orange Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedpink.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Pink Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedpurple.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Purple Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedred.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Red Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedwhite.*                            # (default: true) PLACE White Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glasspanedyedyellow.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.chisel.glowstone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.glowstone1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.glowstone2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.gold.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.chisel.granite.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.place.chisel.granite1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.place.chisel.granite2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.place.chisel.hardenedclay.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.place.chisel.hardenedclay1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.place.chisel.hardenedclay2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.icepillar.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.iron.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.chisel.ironpane.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.chisel.laboratory.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.lapis.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.lavastone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.place.chisel.lavastone1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.place.chisel.lavastone2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.place.chisel.marblepillar.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.netherbrick.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.chisel.netherrack.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.chisel.obsidian.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.chisel.paper.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Paper Wall
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-acacia.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-birch.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-dark-oak.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-jungle.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-oak.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-spruce.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.prismarine.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.place.chisel.prismarine1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.place.chisel.prismarine2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.place.chisel.purpur.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.purpur1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.purpur2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.quartz.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.place.chisel.quartz1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.place.chisel.redstone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.redstone1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstone-scribbles.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstonered-scribbles.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstonered.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstonered1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstonered2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstoneyellow.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstoneyellow1.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstoneyellow2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.stonebrick.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.stonebrick1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.stonebrick2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technicalnew.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.temple.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Temple Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.templemossy.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.tyrian.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Tyrian
fe.protection.place.chisel.valentines.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Valentines' Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstonerunic.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Runed Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.waterstone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.waterstone1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.waterstone2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_black.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Black Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_blue.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blue Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_brown.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Brown Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_cyan.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_gray.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Gray Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_green.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Green Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_lightblue.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_lightgray.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_lime.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lime Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_magenta.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_orange.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Orange Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_pink.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pink Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_purple.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Purple Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_red.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Red Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_white.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_yellow.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Wool
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.bittank.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Fluid Bit Tank
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_clay.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Clay
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_cloth.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Cloth
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_fluid.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Fluid
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_glass.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Glass
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_grass.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Grass
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_ground.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Ground
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_ice.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Ice
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_iron.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Metal
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_leaves.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Leaves
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_packedice.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_rock.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Rock
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_sand.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Sand
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_snow.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Snow
fe.protection.place.chiselsandbits.chiseled_wood.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Wood
fe.protection.place.clipboard.clipboard.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.clipboard:clipboard.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_black.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.black.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_blue.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.blue.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_brown.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.brown.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_cyan.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.cyan.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_gray.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.gray.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_green.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.green.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_light_blue.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.light_blue.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_lime.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.lime.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_magenta.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.magenta.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_orange.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.orange.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_pink.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.pink.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_purple.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.purple.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_red.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.red.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_silver.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.silver.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_white.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.white.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.hammock_yellow.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.yellow.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.rope.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Rope and Nail
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_black.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.black.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_blue.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.blue.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_brown.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.brown.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_cyan.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.cyan.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_gray.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.gray.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_green.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.green.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_light_blue.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.light_blue.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_lime.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.lime.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_magenta.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.magenta.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_orange.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.orange.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_pink.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.pink.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_purple.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.purple.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_red.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.red.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_silver.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.silver.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_white.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.white.name
fe.protection.place.comforts.sleeping_bag_yellow.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.yellow.name
fe.protection.place.computronics.audio_cable.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Audio Cable
fe.protection.place.computronics.camera.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Camera
fe.protection.place.computronics.chat_box.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Chat Box
fe.protection.place.computronics.cipher.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cipher Block
fe.protection.place.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.place.computronics.colorful_lamp.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.place.computronics.digital_box.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.computronics.digital_box.name
fe.protection.place.computronics.digital_detector.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Cart Detector - Digital
fe.protection.place.computronics.iron_note_block.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Note Block
fe.protection.place.computronics.locomotive_relay.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.place.computronics.radar.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Radar
fe.protection.place.computronics.speaker.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Speaker
fe.protection.place.computronics.speech_box.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Speech Box
fe.protection.place.computronics.tape_reader.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Tape Drive
fe.protection.place.computronics.ticket_machine.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Ticket Machine
fe.protection.place.forgemultipartcbe.multipart_block.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_chest.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_black.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxblack.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_blue.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxblue.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_brown.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxbrown.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_cyan.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxcyan.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_gray.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxgray.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_green.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxgreen.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_light_blue.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxlight_blue.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_lime.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxlime.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_magenta.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxmagenta.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_orange.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxorange.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_pink.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxpink.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_purple.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxpurple.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_red.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxred.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_silver.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxsilver.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_white.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxwhite.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_yellow.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxyellow.name
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.big_door_acacia_3x3.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Large Acacia Double Doors
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.big_door_birch_3x3.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Large Birch Double Doors
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.big_door_dark_oak_3x3.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Large Dark Oak Double Doors
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.big_door_iron_3x3.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Large Iron Double Doors
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.big_door_jungle_3x3.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Large Jungle Double Doors
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.big_door_oak_3x3.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Large Oak Double Doors
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.big_door_rusty_3x3.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Large Rusty Iron Double Doors
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.big_door_spruce_3x3.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Large Spruce Double Doors
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.camofencegate.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Camo Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.carriage_door.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Carriage Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_black.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Black Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_blue.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Blue Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_brown.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Brown Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_cyan.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_gray.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Gray Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_green.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Green Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_light_blue.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_lime.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Lime Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_magenta.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_orange.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Orange Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_pink.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Pink Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_purple.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Purple Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_red.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Red Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_silver.*                          # (default: true) PLACE SilverCurtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_white.*                           # (default: true) PLACE White Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.curtain_yellow.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.customdoor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE item.customDoor.name
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.door_factory.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Door Factory
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.factory_door.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Factory Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.forcefielddoor.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Forcefield
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.garage_door.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Garage Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.hitechdoor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Hi-tech Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.iron_sliding_door.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.jail_door.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Jail Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.laboratory_door.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.medieval_door.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Medieval Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.rustyhatch.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Rusty Hatch
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.rustyladder.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Rusty Ladder
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.saloon.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Saloon Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.shoji_door.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Shoji Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.sliding_trapdoor.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Sliding Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.trapdoor_acacia.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.trapdoor_birch.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Birch Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.trapdoor_dark_oak.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.trapdoor_jungle.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.trapdoor_spruce.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.verticalhatch.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Door
fe.protection.place.malisisdoors.wood_sliding_door.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.place.mcmultipart.multipart.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_door.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_fence.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.activator_rail.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Activator Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.air.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Air
fe.protection.place.minecraft.anvil.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.place.minecraft.barrier.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Barrier
fe.protection.place.minecraft.beacon.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bed.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.bed.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bedrock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.place.minecraft.beetroots.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Beetroots
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_door.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Birch Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_fence.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Birch Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_fence_gate.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.black_glazed_terracotta.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Black Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.black_shulker_box.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Black Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.blue_glazed_terracotta.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.blue_shulker_box.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bone_block.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bone Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Brewing Stand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_block.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_glazed_terracotta.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Brown Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_shulker_box.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Brown Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cactus.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cake.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carpet.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Carpet
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carrots.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cauldron.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chain_command_block.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Chain Command Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chest.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chorus_flower.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Chorus Flower
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chorus_plant.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Chorus Plant
fe.protection.place.minecraft.clay.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_block.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cocoa.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.place.minecraft.command_block.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.concrete.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.concrete.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.concrete_powder.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.concretePowder.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.crafting_table.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cyan_glazed_terracotta.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cyan_shulker_box.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_fence.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.daylight_detector_inverted.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.deadbush.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.place.minecraft.detector_rail.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Detector Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_block.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dirt.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dispenser.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_plant.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Plant
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_stone_slab2.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dropper.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_block.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_bricks.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE End Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_gateway.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                           # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_rod.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE End Rod
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Ender Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.farmland.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Oak Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fire.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Flower Pot
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_water.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.frosted_ice.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Frosted Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.furnace.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glowstone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_block.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Booster Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.grass.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.grass_path.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Grass Path
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gravel.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gray_glazed_terracotta.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gray_shulker_box.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.green_glazed_terracotta.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Green Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.green_shulker_box.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Green Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hay_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.place.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*              # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hopper.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ice.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_block.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_door.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_trapdoor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jukebox.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_door.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_fence.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ladder.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lava.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lever.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.place.minecraft.light_blue_glazed_terracotta.*               # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.light_blue_shulker_box.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*              # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lime_glazed_terracotta.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Lime Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lime_shulker_box.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Lime Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.magenta_glazed_terracotta.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.magenta_shulker_box.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.magma.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Magma Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_block.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.place.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Stone Monster Egg
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mycelium.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_wart_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.netherrack.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.minecraft.noteblock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.observer.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Observer
fe.protection.place.minecraft.obsidian.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.minecraft.orange_glazed_terracotta.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Orange Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.orange_shulker_box.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Orange Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pink_glazed_terracotta.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Pink Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pink_shulker_box.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Pink Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_extension.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_head.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.planks.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.portal.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.potatoes.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.place.minecraft.prismarine.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purple_glazed_terracotta.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Purple Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purple_shulker_box.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Purple Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purpur_block.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purpur_double_slab.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purpur_pillar.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Pillar
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purpur_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purpur_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_block.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.rail.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Track
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_flower.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Flower
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_glazed_terracotta.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Red Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_nether_brick.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Red Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_sandstone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_sandstone_stairs.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_shulker_box.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Red Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_block.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.place.minecraft.reeds.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.repeating_command_block.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Repeating Command Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sand.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Sand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sapling.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Oak Sapling
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sea_lantern.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Sea Lantern
fe.protection.place.minecraft.silver_glazed_terracotta.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.silver_shulker_box.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.skull.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.slime.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Slime Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sponge.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_door.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_fence.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Stained Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.standing_banner.*                            # (default: true) PLACE White Banner
fe.protection.place.minecraft.standing_sign.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_button.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_slab2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.structure_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Structure Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.structure_void.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Structure Void
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tnt.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.place.minecraft.torch.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.place.minecraft.vine.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wall_banner.*                                # (default: true) PLACE White Banner
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.water.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.waterlily.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.place.minecraft.web.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wheat.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.place.minecraft.white_glazed_terracotta.*                    # (default: true) PLACE White Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.white_shulker_box.*                          # (default: true) PLACE White Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_button.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Oak Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wool.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Flower
fe.protection.place.minecraft.yellow_glazed_terracotta.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.yellow_shulker_box.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.modernlamps.ceiling_lamp_01.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Ceiling Light
fe.protection.place.modernlamps.ceiling_neon_lamp.*                        # (default: true) PLACE  Ceiling Neon Light
fe.protection.place.modernlamps.neon_in_glass.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Glass With Neons Light
fe.protection.place.modernlamps.outdoor_lamp_01.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Ground Light 01
fe.protection.place.modernlamps.outdoor_lamp_02.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Ground Light 02
fe.protection.place.modernlamps.suspended_neon.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Suspended Neon Light
fe.protection.place.modernlamps.vertical_neon_lamp_bottom.*                # (default: true) PLACE Vertical Neon Light Bottom
fe.protection.place.modernlamps.vertical_neon_lamp_middle.*                # (default: true) PLACE Vertical Neon Light Middle
fe.protection.place.modernlamps.vertical_neon_lamp_top.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Vertical Neon Light Top
fe.protection.place.modernlamps.vertical_neons_lamp_bottom.*               # (default: true) PLACE Vertical Neons Light Bottom
fe.protection.place.modernlamps.vertical_neons_lamp_middle.*               # (default: true) PLACE Vertical Neons Light Middle
fe.protection.place.modernlamps.vertical_neons_lamp_top.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Vertical Neons Light Top
fe.protection.place.modernlamps.wall_light_01.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Wall Light 01
fe.protection.place.modernlamps.wall_light_02.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Wall Light 02
fe.protection.place.modernlamps.wall_neon.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Wall Neon Light
fe.protection.place.omlib.network_cable.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.network_cable.name
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.adapter.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Adapter
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.assembler.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.cable.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cable
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.capacitor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Capacitor
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.carpetedcapacitor.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpeted Capacitor
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.case1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.case2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.case3.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.casecreative.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.chameliumblock.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.charger.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Charger
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.disassembler.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Disassembler
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.diskdrive.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Disk Drive
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.endstone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.geolyzer.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Geolyzer
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.hologram1.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.hologram2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.keyboard.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Keyboard
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.microcontroller.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Microcontroller
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.motionsensor.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Motion Sensor
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.netsplitter.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Net Splitter
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.powerconverter.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Power Converter
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.powerdistributor.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Power Distributor
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.print.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE 3D Print
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.printer.*                                # (default: true) PLACE 3D Printer
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.rack.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rack
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.raid.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Raid
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.redstone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Redstone I/O
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.relay.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Relay
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.robot.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE robot.name
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.robotafterimage.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Robot
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.screen1.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.screen2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.screen3.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.transposer.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Transposer
fe.protection.place.opencomputers.waypoint.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Waypoint
fe.protection.place.openentity.dnadevice.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE DNA Device
fe.protection.place.openentity.entityproxy.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Entity Proxy
fe.protection.place.openfm.radio.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Radio
fe.protection.place.openfm.speaker.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Speaker
fe.protection.place.openglasses.openglassesterminal.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Glasses Terminal
fe.protection.place.openprinter.briefcase.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Briefcase
fe.protection.place.openprinter.filecabinet.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Open File Cabinet
fe.protection.place.openprinter.printer.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Open Printer
fe.protection.place.openprinter.shredder.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Open Shredder
fe.protection.place.openscreens.backflatscreen1.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Flatscreen (Back) (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.openscreens.backflatscreen2.*                          # (default: true) PLACE §eFlatscreen (Back) (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.openscreens.backflatscreen3.*                          # (default: true) PLACE §bFlatscreen (Back) (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.openscreens.frontflatscreen1.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Flatscreen (Front) (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.openscreens.frontflatscreen2.*                         # (default: true) PLACE §eFlatscreen (Front) (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.openscreens.frontflatscreen3.*                         # (default: true) PLACE §bFlatscreen (Front) (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.openscreens.holoscreen1.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Holo Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.place.openscreens.holoscreen2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE §eHolo Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.place.openscreens.holoscreen3.*                              # (default: true) PLACE §bHolo Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.alarm.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Alarm
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.biometric_reader.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Biometric Reader
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.card_writer.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Card Writer
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.data_block.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Data Block
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.door_controller.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Door Controller
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.energy_turret.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Energy Turret
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.entity_detector.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Entity Detector
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.keypad.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Keypad
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.mag_reader.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Magnetic Card Reader
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.nanofog.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE NanoFog
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.nanofog_terminal.*                        # (default: true) PLACE NanoFog Terminal
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.private_secure_door.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Private Security Door
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.rfid_reader.*                             # (default: true) PLACE RFID Reader
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.rolldoor.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Rolldoor
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.rolldoor_controller.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Rolldoor Controller
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.rolldoor_element.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Rolldoor Element
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.secure_door.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Security Door
fe.protection.place.opensecurity.security_terminal.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Security Terminal
fe.protection.place.projectred-expansion.machine1.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.place.projectred-expansion.machine2.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.place.projectred-exploration.barrel.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.barrel.name
fe.protection.place.projectred-exploration.ore.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.ore.name
fe.protection.place.projectred-exploration.stone.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.stone.name
fe.protection.place.projectred-exploration.stone_wall.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.stoneWall.name
fe.protection.place.projectred-fabrication.ic_machine.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.fabrication.icMachine.name
fe.protection.place.projectred-illumination.lamp.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.place.projectred-relocation.blockmovingrow.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.projectred-relocation.frame.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.relocation.frame.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.actuator.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.actuator.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.admin_steam_producer.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Admin Steam Producer
fe.protection.place.railcraft.anvil.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.battery_nickel_iron.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Nickel-Iron Battery
fe.protection.place.railcraft.battery_nickel_zinc.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Nickel-Zinc Battery
fe.protection.place.railcraft.battery_zinc_carbon.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Zinc-Carbon Battery
fe.protection.place.railcraft.battery_zinc_silver.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Zinc-Silver Battery
fe.protection.place.railcraft.blast_furnace.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Blast Furnace Brick
fe.protection.place.railcraft.boiler_firebox_fluid.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Fueled Boiler Firebox
fe.protection.place.railcraft.boiler_firebox_solid.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Solid Fueled Boiler Firebox
fe.protection.place.railcraft.boiler_tank_pressure_high.*                  # (default: true) PLACE High Pressure Boiler Tank
fe.protection.place.railcraft.boiler_tank_pressure_low.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Low Pressure Boiler Tank
fe.protection.place.railcraft.brick_abyssal.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.brick_andesite.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.andesite.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.brick_bleachedbone.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.brick_bloodstained.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.brick_diorite.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.diorite.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.brick_frostbound.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.brick_granite.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.granite.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.brick_infernal.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.brick_nether.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.brick_pearlized.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.pearlized.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.brick_quarried.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.brick_red_nether.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.red.nether.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.brick_red_sandy.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.red.sandy.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.brick_sandy.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.charge_feeder.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.charge.feeder.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.charge_trap.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Charge Trap
fe.protection.place.railcraft.chest_metals.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Metals Chest
fe.protection.place.railcraft.chest_void.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Void Chest
fe.protection.place.railcraft.coke_oven.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Coke Oven Brick
fe.protection.place.railcraft.coke_oven_red.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.coke.oven.red.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.creosote.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Creosote
fe.protection.place.railcraft.detector.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.equipment.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.equipment.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.flux_transformer.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Flux Transformer
fe.protection.place.railcraft.force_track_emitter.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Force Track Emitter
fe.protection.place.railcraft.frame.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.place.railcraft.generic.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.generic.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.glass.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.glass.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.logbook.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Logbook
fe.protection.place.railcraft.manipulator.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.manipulator.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.metal.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.metal.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.ore.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.ore_magic.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.magic.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.ore_metal.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.metal.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.ore_metal_poor.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.metal.poor.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.post_metal.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.post_metal_platform.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.reinforced_concrete.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.reinforced.concrete.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.ritual.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ritual.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.rock_crusher.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Rock Crusher
fe.protection.place.railcraft.signal.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.signal_box.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.signal.box.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.signal_dual.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.signal.dual.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.steam.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.place.railcraft.steam_oven.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Steam Oven
fe.protection.place.railcraft.steam_turbine.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Steam Turbine Housing
fe.protection.place.railcraft.tank_iron_gauge.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Iron Tank Gauge
fe.protection.place.railcraft.tank_iron_valve.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Iron Tank Valve
fe.protection.place.railcraft.tank_iron_wall.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Iron Tank Wall
fe.protection.place.railcraft.tank_steel_gauge.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Steel Tank Gauge
fe.protection.place.railcraft.tank_steel_valve.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Steel Tank Valve
fe.protection.place.railcraft.tank_steel_wall.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Steel Tank Wall
fe.protection.place.railcraft.tank_water.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Water Tank Siding
fe.protection.place.railcraft.track_elevator.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Track
fe.protection.place.railcraft.track_flex_abandoned.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Abandoned Track
fe.protection.place.railcraft.track_flex_electric.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Electric Track
fe.protection.place.railcraft.track_flex_high_speed.*                      # (default: true) PLACE High Speed Track
fe.protection.place.railcraft.track_flex_hs_electric.*                     # (default: true) PLACE High Speed Electric Track
fe.protection.place.railcraft.track_flex_reinforced.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Track
fe.protection.place.railcraft.track_flex_strap_iron.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Strap Iron Track
fe.protection.place.railcraft.track_force.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Force Track
fe.protection.place.railcraft.track_outfitted.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.track.outfitted.name
fe.protection.place.railcraft.trade_station.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Trade Station
fe.protection.place.railcraft.wire.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Charge Shunting Wire
fe.protection.place.railcraft.worldlogic.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.arrowtarget.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Arrow Target
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.automaticswitch1.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Infrared Entity Detector
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.automaticswitch2.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Linear Laser Entity Detector
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.automaticswitch3.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Local Light Sensor
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.automaticswitch4.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Day Timer Clock
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.automaticswitch5.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Rain Sensor
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.automaticswitch6.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Thunderstorm Detector
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.automaticswitch7.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Interval Signal Timer
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.bistableswitch1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Rotary Machine Switch
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.bistableswitch2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Contact Lever
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.bistableswitch3.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Two-Button Machine Switch
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.bistableswitch4.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Small Light Switch
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.bistableswitch5.*                             # (default: true) PLACE ESTOP Button
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.bistableswitch6.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Hopper Blocker
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.bistableswitch7.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Rotary Lever
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.bistableswitch8.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Lever
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.bistableswitch_glass1.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Bistable Glass Switch
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.bistableswitch_glass2.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Bistable Glass Touch Switch
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy1.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Old Fancy Lever
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy2.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Old Fancy Rotary Lever
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy3.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Bistable Switch
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy4.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Bistable Switch
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy5.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Bistable Switch
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy6.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Bistable Switch
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy7.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Bistable Switch
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic1.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Lever
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic2.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Two-Hinge Lever
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic3.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Rotary Lever
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic4.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Bistable Switch
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic5.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Bistable Switch
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic6.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Bistable Switch
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic7.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Nail Lever
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.contactmat1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Door Contact Mat
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.contactmat2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Contact Mat
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.contactmat3.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Shock Sensitive Contact Mat
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.contactmat_glass1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Configurable Glass Contact Plate
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.contactmat_glass2.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Glass Contact Plate
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.contactmat_rustic1.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Door Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.contactmat_rustic2.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.contactmat_rustic3.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Shock Sensitive Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.daytimeswitch_glass1.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Glass Day Timer Clock
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.detectorswitch_glass1.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Glass Infrared Entity Detector
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.detectorswitch_glass2.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Glass Linear Laser Entity Detector
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.dimmerswitch1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Dimmer
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.door_sensor_switch.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Door sensor
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.elevator_button.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Button
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.flatgauge1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Analog Voltmeter Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.flatgauge2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Analog Bar Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.flatgauge3.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Small Digital Display Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.flatgauge4.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Glass Bar Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.flatgauge5.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Glass Tube Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.flatgauge6.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Small Analog Voltmeter Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.gauge_rustic2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Circular Wall Meter Redstone gauge
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.indicator1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Green LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.indicator1blink1.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Green Blinking LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.indicator2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Yellow LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.indicator2blink1.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Blinking LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.indicator3.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Red LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.indicator3blink1.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Red LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.indicator4.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Alarm Lamp
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.indicator_led_white.*                         # (default: true) PLACE White LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.indicator_led_white_blink.*                   # (default: true) PLACE White Blinking LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.indicator_rustic_flag.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Redstone Semaphore
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.industrial_comparator_switch.*                # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Comparator Switch
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.industrial_knock_button.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Knock Detector Pulse Switch (industrial)
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.industrial_knock_switch.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Knock Detector Bistable Switch (industrial)
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.observerswitch1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Block Category Detector
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.powerplant_red.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Red power plant
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.powerplant_yellow.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Yellow power plant
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.pulseswitch1.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Machine Button
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.pulseswitch2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Fenced Machine Button
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.pulseswitch3.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Pull Handle Button
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.pulseswitch5.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Foot Button
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.pulseswitch6.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Button
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.pulseswitch_glass1.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Glass Button
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.pulseswitch_glass2.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Small Glass Button
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.pulseswitch_glass3.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Glass Touch Button
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.pulseswitch_oldfancy1.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Old Fancy Button
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.pulseswitch_oldfancy2.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Old Fancy Chain Button
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.pulseswitch_oldfancy3.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Pulse Switch
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.pulseswitch_oldfancy4.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Small Old Fancy Button
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic1.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Button
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic2.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Small Button
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic3.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Chain Button
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic4.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Pulse switch
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic5.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Pulse switch
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic6.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Pulse switch
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic7.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Nail Button
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.relay_bistableswitchrx1.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Switch Link Receiver
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.relay_bistableswitchrx2.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Cased Switch Link Receiver
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.relay_bistableswitchtx1.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Switch Link Sender
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.relay_pulseswitchrx1.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Pulse Switch Link Receiver
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.relay_pulseswitchrx2.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Cased Pulse Switch Link Receiver
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.relay_pulseswitchtx1.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Switch Link Pulse Sender
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.sensitiveglass.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Light Emitting)
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_black.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Black-Stained)
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_blue.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Blue-Stained)
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_brown.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Brown-Stained)
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_cyan.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Cyan-Stained)
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_gray.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Gray-Stained)
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_green.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Green-Stained)
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_inverted.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Inverted, Light Emitting)
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_lightblue.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Light-Blue-Stained)
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_lightgray.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Light-Gray-Stained)
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_lime.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Lime-Stained)
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_magenta.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Magenta-Stained)
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_orange.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Orange-Stained)
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_pink.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Pink-Stained)
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_purple.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Purple-Stained)
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_red.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Red-Stained)
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_white.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (White-Stained)
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_yellow.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Yellow-Stained)
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.soundindicator1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Alarm Siren
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.timerswitch_glass1.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Glass Interval Signal Timer
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Shock Activated Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Sensitive Shock Activated Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch3.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Fall-Through Detection Frame
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch_rustic1.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Shock Activated Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch_rustic2.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Sensitive Shock Activated Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch_rustic3.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Fall-Through Detector Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.rsgauges.valve_wheel_switch.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Valve Switch
fe.protection.place.sgcraft.naquadahblock.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Naquadah Alloy Block
fe.protection.place.sgcraft.naquadahore.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Naquadah Ore
fe.protection.place.sgcraft.ocinterface.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE OpenComputers Stargate Interface
fe.protection.place.sgcraft.sgpowerunit.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE SG Power Unit
fe.protection.place.sgcraft.stargatebase.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Stargate Base
fe.protection.place.sgcraft.stargatecontroller.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Stargate Controller
fe.protection.place.sgcraft.stargatering.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Stargate Ring Segment
fe.protection.place.sgcraft.zpm_console.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE ZPM Console
fe.protection.trample.*                                                    # (default: true) Allow trampling on blocks
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.armorstand.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:ArmorStand.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.bell.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Desk Bell
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.bookcase.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Bookcase.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.bookcasecreative.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:BookcaseCreative.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.case.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Case.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.clipboard.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Clipboard.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.clock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Clock.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.cookiejar.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Cookie Jar
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.desk.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Desk.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.dinnerplate.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Dinner Plate
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.discrack.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Disc Rack
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.fancysign.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FancySign.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.fancyworkbench.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.framedchest.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FramedChest.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.furniturepaneler.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.label.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Label.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.lampgold.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LampGold.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.lampiron.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LampIron.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.lanterngold.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LanternGold.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.lanterniron.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LanternIron.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.mapframe.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:MapFrame.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.markerpole.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:MarkerPole.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.paintingframeborderless.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameBorderless.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.paintingframefancy.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFancy.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.paintingframeflat.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFlat.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.paintingframemiddle.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameMiddle.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.paintingframesimple.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameSimple.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.paintingpress.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Painting Press
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.potionshelf.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PotionShelf.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.printingpress.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Printing Press
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.seat.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Seat.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.shelf.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Shelf.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.swordpedestal.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:SwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.table.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Table.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.toolrack.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:ToolRack.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.typesettingtable.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.typewriter.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Typewriter.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.andesite.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.andesite1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.andesite2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.antiblock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Antiblock
fe.protection.trample.chisel.auto_chisel.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.trample.chisel.basalt.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.basalt1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.basalt2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_charcoal.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_charcoal1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_charcoal2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal_coke.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal_coke1.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal_coke2.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockaluminum.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockbronze.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockcobalt.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Cobalt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockcopper.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Copper
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockelectrum.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Electrum
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockgold.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockinvar.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Invar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockiron.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blocklead.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lead
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blocknickel.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Nickel
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockplatinum.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Platinum
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blocksilver.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Silver
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blocksteel.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Steel
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blocktin.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockuranium.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_acacia.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_birch.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Birch Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_darkoak.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_jungle.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_oak.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_spruce.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bricks.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bricks1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bricks2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.brownstone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_black.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Black Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_blue.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Blue Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_brown.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Brown Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_cyan.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_gray.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Gray Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_green.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Green Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_lightblue.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_lightgray.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_lime.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lime Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_magenta.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_orange.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Orange Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_pink.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pink Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_purple.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Purple Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_red.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Red Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_white.*                                # (default: true) PLACE White Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_yellow.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Carpet
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cloud.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cloud
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestone1.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestone2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestonemossy.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestonemossy1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestonemossy2.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_black.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_black1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_black2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_blue.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_blue1.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_blue2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_brown.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_brown1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_brown2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_cyan.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_cyan1.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_cyan2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_gray.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_gray1.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_gray2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_green.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_green1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_green2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightblue.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightblue1.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightblue2.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightgray.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightgray1.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightgray2.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lime.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lime1.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lime2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_magenta.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_magenta1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_magenta2.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_orange.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_orange1.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_orange2.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_pink.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_pink1.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_pink2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_purple.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_purple1.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_purple2.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_red.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_red1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_red2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_white.*                              # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_white1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_white2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_yellow.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_yellow1.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_yellow2.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diamond.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diorite.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diorite1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diorite2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.dirt.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.emerald.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.trample.chisel.endstone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.endstone1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.endstone2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.energizedvoidstone.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Primal Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.factory.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.factory1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.futura.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Futura Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glass.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glass1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedblack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Black Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedblue.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedbrown.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Brown Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedcyan.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedgray.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedgreen.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Green Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedlightblue.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedlightgray.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedlime.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Lime Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedmagenta.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedorange.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Orange Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedpink.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Pink Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedpurple.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Purple Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedred.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Red Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedwhite.*                              # (default: true) PLACE White Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedyellow.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspane.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspane1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedblack.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Black Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedblue.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Blue Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedbrown.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Brown Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedcyan.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedgray.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Gray Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedgreen.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Green Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedlightblue.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedlightgray.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedlime.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Lime Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedmagenta.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedorange.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Orange Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedpink.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Pink Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedpurple.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Purple Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedred.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Red Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedwhite.*                          # (default: true) PLACE White Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glasspanedyedyellow.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glowstone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glowstone1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glowstone2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.gold.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.chisel.granite.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.granite1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.granite2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.hardenedclay.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.chisel.hardenedclay1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.chisel.hardenedclay2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.chisel.icepillar.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.iron.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ironpane.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.trample.chisel.laboratory.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lapis.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lavastone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lavastone1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lavastone2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marblepillar.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.netherbrick.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.trample.chisel.netherrack.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.trample.chisel.obsidian.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.chisel.paper.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Paper Wall
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-acacia.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-birch.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-dark-oak.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-jungle.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-oak.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-spruce.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.prismarine.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.trample.chisel.prismarine1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.trample.chisel.prismarine2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.trample.chisel.purpur.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.purpur1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.purpur2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.quartz.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.trample.chisel.quartz1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.trample.chisel.redstone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.redstone1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstone-scribbles.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstonered-scribbles.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstonered.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstonered1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstonered2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstoneyellow.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstoneyellow1.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstoneyellow2.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stonebrick.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stonebrick1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stonebrick2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technicalnew.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.temple.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Temple Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.templemossy.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.tyrian.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tyrian
fe.protection.trample.chisel.valentines.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Valentines' Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstonerunic.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Runed Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.waterstone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.waterstone1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.waterstone2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_black.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Black Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_blue.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blue Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_brown.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Brown Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_cyan.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_gray.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Gray Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_green.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Green Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_lightblue.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_lightgray.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_lime.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lime Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_magenta.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_orange.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Orange Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_pink.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pink Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_purple.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Purple Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_red.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Red Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_white.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_yellow.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Wool
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.bittank.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Fluid Bit Tank
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_clay.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Clay
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_cloth.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Cloth
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_fluid.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Fluid
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_glass.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Glass
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_grass.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Grass
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_ground.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Ground
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_ice.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Ice
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_iron.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Metal
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_leaves.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Leaves
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_packedice.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Packed Ice
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_rock.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Rock
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_sand.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Sand
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_snow.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Snow
fe.protection.trample.chiselsandbits.chiseled_wood.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Wood
fe.protection.trample.clipboard.clipboard.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.clipboard:clipboard.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_black.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.black.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_blue.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.blue.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_brown.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.brown.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_cyan.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.cyan.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_gray.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.gray.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_green.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.green.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_light_blue.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.light_blue.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_lime.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.lime.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_magenta.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.magenta.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_orange.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.orange.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_pink.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.pink.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_purple.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.purple.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_red.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.red.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_silver.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.silver.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_white.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.white.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.hammock_yellow.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.hammock.yellow.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.rope.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Rope and Nail
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_black.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.black.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_blue.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.blue.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_brown.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.brown.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_cyan.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.cyan.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_gray.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.gray.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_green.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.green.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_light_blue.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.light_blue.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_lime.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.lime.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_magenta.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.magenta.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_orange.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.orange.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_pink.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.pink.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_purple.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.purple.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_red.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.red.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_silver.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.silver.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_white.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.white.name
fe.protection.trample.comforts.sleeping_bag_yellow.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.comforts.sleeping_bag.yellow.name
fe.protection.trample.computronics.audio_cable.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Audio Cable
fe.protection.trample.computronics.camera.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Camera
fe.protection.trample.computronics.chat_box.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Chat Box
fe.protection.trample.computronics.cipher.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cipher Block
fe.protection.trample.computronics.cipher_advanced.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Cipher Block
fe.protection.trample.computronics.colorful_lamp.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Colorful Lamp
fe.protection.trample.computronics.digital_box.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.computronics.digital_box.name
fe.protection.trample.computronics.digital_detector.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Cart Detector - Digital
fe.protection.trample.computronics.iron_note_block.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Iron Note Block
fe.protection.trample.computronics.locomotive_relay.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Digital Locomotive Relay
fe.protection.trample.computronics.radar.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Radar
fe.protection.trample.computronics.speaker.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Speaker
fe.protection.trample.computronics.speech_box.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Speech Box
fe.protection.trample.computronics.tape_reader.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Tape Drive
fe.protection.trample.computronics.ticket_machine.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Ticket Machine
fe.protection.trample.forgemultipartcbe.multipart_block.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_chest.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_black.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxblack.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_blue.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxblue.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_brown.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxbrown.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_cyan.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxcyan.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_gray.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxgray.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_green.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxgreen.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_light_blue.*              # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxlight_blue.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_lime.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxlime.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_magenta.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxmagenta.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_orange.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxorange.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_pink.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxpink.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_purple.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxpurple.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_red.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxred.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_silver.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxsilver.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_white.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxwhite.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_yellow.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxyellow.name
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.big_door_acacia_3x3.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Large Acacia Double Doors
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.big_door_birch_3x3.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Large Birch Double Doors
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.big_door_dark_oak_3x3.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Large Dark Oak Double Doors
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.big_door_iron_3x3.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Large Iron Double Doors
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.big_door_jungle_3x3.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Large Jungle Double Doors
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.big_door_oak_3x3.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Large Oak Double Doors
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.big_door_rusty_3x3.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Large Rusty Iron Double Doors
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.big_door_spruce_3x3.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Large Spruce Double Doors
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.camofencegate.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Camo Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.carriage_door.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Carriage Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_black.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Black Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_blue.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Blue Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_brown.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Brown Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_cyan.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_gray.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Gray Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_green.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Green Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_light_blue.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_lime.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Lime Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_magenta.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_orange.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Orange Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_pink.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Pink Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_purple.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Purple Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_red.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Red Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_silver.*                        # (default: true) PLACE SilverCurtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_white.*                         # (default: true) PLACE White Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.curtain_yellow.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Curtain
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.customdoor.*                            # (default: true) PLACE item.customDoor.name
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.door_factory.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Door Factory
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.factory_door.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Factory Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.forcefielddoor.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Forcefield
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.garage_door.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Garage Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.hitechdoor.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Hi-tech Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.iron_sliding_door.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Iron Glass Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.jail_door.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Jail Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.laboratory_door.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.medieval_door.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Medieval Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.rustyhatch.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Rusty Hatch
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.rustyladder.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Rusty Ladder
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.saloon.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Saloon Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.shoji_door.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Shoji Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.sliding_trapdoor.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Sliding Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.trapdoor_acacia.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.trapdoor_birch.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Birch Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.trapdoor_dark_oak.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.trapdoor_jungle.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.trapdoor_spruce.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.verticalhatch.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Door
fe.protection.trample.malisisdoors.wood_sliding_door.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Glass Door
fe.protection.trample.mcmultipart.multipart.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_door.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_fence.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.activator_rail.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Activator Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.air.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Air
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.anvil.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.barrier.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Barrier
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.beacon.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bed.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.bed.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bedrock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.beetroots.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Beetroots
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_door.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Birch Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_fence.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Birch Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_fence_gate.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.black_glazed_terracotta.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Black Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.black_shulker_box.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Black Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.blue_glazed_terracotta.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.blue_shulker_box.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bone_block.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Bone Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Brewing Stand
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brick_block.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_glazed_terracotta.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Brown Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_shulker_box.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Brown Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cactus.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cake.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.carpet.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Carpet
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.carrots.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cauldron.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chain_command_block.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Chain Command Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chest.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chorus_flower.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Chorus Flower
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chorus_plant.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Chorus Plant
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.clay.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.coal_block.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cobblestone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cocoa.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.command_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.concrete.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.concrete.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.concrete_powder.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.concretePowder.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.crafting_table.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cyan_glazed_terracotta.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cyan_shulker_box.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_fence.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_fence_gate.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.daylight_detector_inverted.*               # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.deadbush.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.detector_rail.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Detector Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.diamond_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dirt.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dispenser.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_plant.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Plant
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_stone_slab2.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dropper.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.emerald_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_bricks.*                               # (default: true) PLACE End Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_gateway.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_portal.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                         # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_rod.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE End Rod
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ender_chest.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Ender Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.farmland.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fence.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Oak Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fence_gate.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fire.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flower_pot.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Flower Pot
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flowing_water.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.frosted_ice.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Frosted Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.furnace.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glass_pane.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glowstone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gold_block.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.golden_rail.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Booster Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.grass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.grass_path.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Grass Path
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gravel.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gray_glazed_terracotta.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gray_shulker_box.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.green_glazed_terracotta.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Green Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.green_shulker_box.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Green Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hay_block.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*            # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hopper.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ice.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_block.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_door.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_trapdoor.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jukebox.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_door.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_fence.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ladder.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lapis_block.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lava.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.leaves.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.leaves2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lever.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.light_blue_glazed_terracotta.*             # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.light_blue_shulker_box.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*            # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lime_glazed_terracotta.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Lime Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lime_shulker_box.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Lime Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.log.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.log2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.magenta_glazed_terracotta.*                # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.magenta_shulker_box.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.magma.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Magma Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.melon_block.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.melon_stem.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.monster_egg.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Stone Monster Egg
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mycelium.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_wart.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_wart_block.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.netherrack.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.noteblock.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.observer.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Observer
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.obsidian.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.orange_glazed_terracotta.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Orange Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.orange_shulker_box.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Orange Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.packed_ice.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pink_glazed_terracotta.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Pink Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pink_shulker_box.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Pink Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston_extension.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston_head.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.planks.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.portal.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.potatoes.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.prismarine.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purple_glazed_terracotta.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Purple Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purple_shulker_box.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Purple Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purpur_block.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purpur_double_slab.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purpur_pillar.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Pillar
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purpur_slab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purpur_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_block.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.rail.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Track
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_flower.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Flower
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_glazed_terracotta.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Red Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_nether_brick.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Red Nether Brick
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_sandstone.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_sandstone_stairs.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_shulker_box.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Red Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_block.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.reeds.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.repeating_command_block.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Repeating Command Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sand.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sand
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sandstone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sapling.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Oak Sapling
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sea_lantern.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Sea Lantern
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.silver_glazed_terracotta.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.silver_shulker_box.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.skull.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.slime.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Slime Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.snow.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.snow_layer.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sponge.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_door.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_fence.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_glass.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Stained Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.standing_banner.*                          # (default: true) PLACE White Banner
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.standing_sign.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_button.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_slab2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stonebrick.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.structure_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Structure Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.structure_void.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Structure Void
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tnt.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.torch.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tripwire.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.vine.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wall_banner.*                              # (default: true) PLACE White Banner
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.water.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.waterlily.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.web.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wheat.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.white_glazed_terracotta.*                  # (default: true) PLACE White Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.white_shulker_box.*                        # (default: true) PLACE White Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_button.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_door.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Oak Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wool.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Flower
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.yellow_glazed_terracotta.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.yellow_shulker_box.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.modernlamps.ceiling_lamp_01.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Ceiling Light
fe.protection.trample.modernlamps.ceiling_neon_lamp.*                      # (default: true) PLACE  Ceiling Neon Light
fe.protection.trample.modernlamps.neon_in_glass.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Glass With Neons Light
fe.protection.trample.modernlamps.outdoor_lamp_01.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Ground Light 01
fe.protection.trample.modernlamps.outdoor_lamp_02.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Ground Light 02
fe.protection.trample.modernlamps.suspended_neon.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Suspended Neon Light
fe.protection.trample.modernlamps.vertical_neon_lamp_bottom.*              # (default: true) PLACE Vertical Neon Light Bottom
fe.protection.trample.modernlamps.vertical_neon_lamp_middle.*              # (default: true) PLACE Vertical Neon Light Middle
fe.protection.trample.modernlamps.vertical_neon_lamp_top.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Vertical Neon Light Top
fe.protection.trample.modernlamps.vertical_neons_lamp_bottom.*             # (default: true) PLACE Vertical Neons Light Bottom
fe.protection.trample.modernlamps.vertical_neons_lamp_middle.*             # (default: true) PLACE Vertical Neons Light Middle
fe.protection.trample.modernlamps.vertical_neons_lamp_top.*                # (default: true) PLACE Vertical Neons Light Top
fe.protection.trample.modernlamps.wall_light_01.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Wall Light 01
fe.protection.trample.modernlamps.wall_light_02.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Wall Light 02
fe.protection.trample.modernlamps.wall_neon.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Wall Neon Light
fe.protection.trample.omlib.network_cable.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.network_cable.name
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.adapter.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Adapter
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.assembler.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Electronics Assembler
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.cable.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cable
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.capacitor.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Capacitor
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.carpetedcapacitor.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Carpeted Capacitor
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.case1.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 1)
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.case2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 2)
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.case3.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Tier 3)
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.casecreative.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Computer Case (Creative)
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.chameliumblock.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Chamelium
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.charger.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Charger
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.disassembler.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Disassembler
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.diskdrive.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Disk Drive
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.endstone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.geolyzer.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Geolyzer
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.hologram1.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Hologram Projector (Tier 1)
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.hologram2.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Hologram Projector (Tier 2)
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.keyboard.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Keyboard
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.microcontroller.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Microcontroller
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.motionsensor.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Motion Sensor
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.netsplitter.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Net Splitter
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.powerconverter.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Power Converter
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.powerdistributor.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Power Distributor
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.print.*                                # (default: true) PLACE 3D Print
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.printer.*                              # (default: true) PLACE 3D Printer
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.rack.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rack
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.raid.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Raid
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.redstone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Redstone I/O
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.relay.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Relay
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.robot.*                                # (default: true) PLACE robot.name
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.robotafterimage.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Robot
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.screen1.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.screen2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.screen3.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.transposer.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Transposer
fe.protection.trample.opencomputers.waypoint.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Waypoint
fe.protection.trample.openentity.dnadevice.*                               # (default: true) PLACE DNA Device
fe.protection.trample.openentity.entityproxy.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Entity Proxy
fe.protection.trample.openfm.radio.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Radio
fe.protection.trample.openfm.speaker.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Speaker
fe.protection.trample.openglasses.openglassesterminal.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Glasses Terminal
fe.protection.trample.openprinter.briefcase.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Briefcase
fe.protection.trample.openprinter.filecabinet.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Open File Cabinet
fe.protection.trample.openprinter.printer.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Open Printer
fe.protection.trample.openprinter.shredder.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Open Shredder
fe.protection.trample.openscreens.backflatscreen1.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Flatscreen (Back) (Tier 1)
fe.protection.trample.openscreens.backflatscreen2.*                        # (default: true) PLACE §eFlatscreen (Back) (Tier 2)
fe.protection.trample.openscreens.backflatscreen3.*                        # (default: true) PLACE §bFlatscreen (Back) (Tier 3)
fe.protection.trample.openscreens.frontflatscreen1.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Flatscreen (Front) (Tier 1)
fe.protection.trample.openscreens.frontflatscreen2.*                       # (default: true) PLACE §eFlatscreen (Front) (Tier 2)
fe.protection.trample.openscreens.frontflatscreen3.*                       # (default: true) PLACE §bFlatscreen (Front) (Tier 3)
fe.protection.trample.openscreens.holoscreen1.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Holo Screen (Tier 1)
fe.protection.trample.openscreens.holoscreen2.*                            # (default: true) PLACE §eHolo Screen (Tier 2)
fe.protection.trample.openscreens.holoscreen3.*                            # (default: true) PLACE §bHolo Screen (Tier 3)
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.alarm.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Alarm
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.biometric_reader.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Biometric Reader
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.card_writer.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Card Writer
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.data_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Data Block
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.door_controller.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Door Controller
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.energy_turret.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Energy Turret
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.entity_detector.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Entity Detector
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.keypad.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Keypad
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.mag_reader.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Magnetic Card Reader
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.nanofog.*                               # (default: true) PLACE NanoFog
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.nanofog_terminal.*                      # (default: true) PLACE NanoFog Terminal
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.private_secure_door.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Private Security Door
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.rfid_reader.*                           # (default: true) PLACE RFID Reader
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.rolldoor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Rolldoor
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.rolldoor_controller.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Rolldoor Controller
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.rolldoor_element.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Rolldoor Element
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.secure_door.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Security Door
fe.protection.trample.opensecurity.security_terminal.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Security Terminal
fe.protection.trample.projectred-expansion.machine1.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.expansion.machine1.name
fe.protection.trample.projectred-expansion.machine2.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.expansion.machine2.name
fe.protection.trample.projectred-exploration.barrel.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.barrel.name
fe.protection.trample.projectred-exploration.ore.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.projectred-exploration.stone.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.stone.name
fe.protection.trample.projectred-exploration.stone_wall.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.exploration.stoneWall.name
fe.protection.trample.projectred-fabrication.ic_machine.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.fabrication.icMachine.name
fe.protection.trample.projectred-illumination.lamp.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.illumination.lamp.name
fe.protection.trample.projectred-relocation.blockmovingrow.*               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.projectred-relocation.frame.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.projectred.relocation.frame.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.actuator.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.actuator.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.admin_steam_producer.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Admin Steam Producer
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.anvil.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.anvil.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.battery_nickel_iron.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Nickel-Iron Battery
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.battery_nickel_zinc.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Nickel-Zinc Battery
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.battery_zinc_carbon.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Zinc-Carbon Battery
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.battery_zinc_silver.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Zinc-Silver Battery
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.blast_furnace.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Blast Furnace Brick
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.boiler_firebox_fluid.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Fueled Boiler Firebox
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.boiler_firebox_solid.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Solid Fueled Boiler Firebox
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.boiler_tank_pressure_high.*                # (default: true) PLACE High Pressure Boiler Tank
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.boiler_tank_pressure_low.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Low Pressure Boiler Tank
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.brick_abyssal.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.abyssal.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.brick_andesite.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.andesite.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.brick_bleachedbone.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bleachedbone.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.brick_bloodstained.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.bloodstained.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.brick_diorite.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.diorite.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.brick_frostbound.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.frostbound.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.brick_granite.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.granite.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.brick_infernal.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.infernal.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.brick_nether.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.nether.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.brick_pearlized.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.pearlized.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.brick_quarried.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.quarried.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.brick_red_nether.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.red.nether.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.brick_red_sandy.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.red.sandy.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.brick_sandy.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.brick.sandy.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.charge_feeder.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.charge.feeder.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.charge_trap.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Charge Trap
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.chest_metals.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Metals Chest
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.chest_void.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Void Chest
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.coke_oven.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Coke Oven Brick
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.coke_oven_red.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.coke.oven.red.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.creosote.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Creosote
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.detector.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.detector.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.equipment.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.equipment.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.flux_transformer.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Flux Transformer
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.force_track_emitter.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Force Track Emitter
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.frame.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wire Support Frame
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.generic.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.generic.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.glass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.glass.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.logbook.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Logbook
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.manipulator.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.manipulator.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.metal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.metal.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.ore.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.ore_magic.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.magic.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.ore_metal.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.metal.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.ore_metal_poor.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ore.metal.poor.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.post_metal.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.post_metal_platform.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.post.metal.platform.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.reinforced_concrete.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.reinforced.concrete.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.ritual.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.ritual.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.rock_crusher.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Rock Crusher
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.signal.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.signal.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.signal_box.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.signal.box.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.signal_dual.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.signal.dual.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.steam.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Steam
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.steam_oven.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Steam Oven
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.steam_turbine.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Steam Turbine Housing
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.tank_iron_gauge.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Iron Tank Gauge
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.tank_iron_valve.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Iron Tank Valve
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.tank_iron_wall.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Iron Tank Wall
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.tank_steel_gauge.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Steel Tank Gauge
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.tank_steel_valve.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Steel Tank Valve
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.tank_steel_wall.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Steel Tank Wall
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.tank_water.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Water Tank Siding
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.track_elevator.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Track
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.track_flex_abandoned.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Abandoned Track
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.track_flex_electric.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Electric Track
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.track_flex_high_speed.*                    # (default: true) PLACE High Speed Track
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.track_flex_hs_electric.*                   # (default: true) PLACE High Speed Electric Track
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.track_flex_reinforced.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Track
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.track_flex_strap_iron.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Strap Iron Track
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.track_force.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Force Track
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.track_outfitted.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.railcraft.track.outfitted.name
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.trade_station.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Trade Station
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.wire.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Charge Shunting Wire
fe.protection.trample.railcraft.worldlogic.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Saltpeter Ore Spawner
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.arrowtarget.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Arrow Target
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.automaticswitch1.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Infrared Entity Detector
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.automaticswitch2.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Linear Laser Entity Detector
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.automaticswitch3.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Local Light Sensor
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.automaticswitch4.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Day Timer Clock
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.automaticswitch5.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Rain Sensor
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.automaticswitch6.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Thunderstorm Detector
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.automaticswitch7.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Interval Signal Timer
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.bistableswitch1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Rotary Machine Switch
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.bistableswitch2.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Contact Lever
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.bistableswitch3.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Two-Button Machine Switch
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.bistableswitch4.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Small Light Switch
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.bistableswitch5.*                           # (default: true) PLACE ESTOP Button
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.bistableswitch6.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Hopper Blocker
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.bistableswitch7.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Rotary Lever
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.bistableswitch8.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Lever
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.bistableswitch_glass1.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Bistable Glass Switch
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.bistableswitch_glass2.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Bistable Glass Touch Switch
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy1.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Old Fancy Lever
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy2.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Old Fancy Rotary Lever
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy3.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Bistable Switch
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy4.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Bistable Switch
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy5.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Bistable Switch
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy6.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Bistable Switch
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.bistableswitch_oldfancy7.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Bistable Switch
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic1.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Lever
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic2.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Two-Hinge Lever
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic3.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Rotary Lever
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic4.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Bistable Switch
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic5.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Bistable Switch
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic6.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Bistable Switch
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.bistableswitch_rustic7.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Nail Lever
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.contactmat1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Door Contact Mat
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.contactmat2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Contact Mat
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.contactmat3.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Shock Sensitive Contact Mat
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.contactmat_glass1.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Configurable Glass Contact Plate
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.contactmat_glass2.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Glass Contact Plate
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.contactmat_rustic1.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Door Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.contactmat_rustic2.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.contactmat_rustic3.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Shock Sensitive Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.daytimeswitch_glass1.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Glass Day Timer Clock
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.detectorswitch_glass1.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Glass Infrared Entity Detector
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.detectorswitch_glass2.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Glass Linear Laser Entity Detector
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.dimmerswitch1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Dimmer
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.door_sensor_switch.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Door sensor
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.elevator_button.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Elevator Button
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.flatgauge1.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Analog Voltmeter Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.flatgauge2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Analog Bar Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.flatgauge3.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Small Digital Display Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.flatgauge4.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Glass Bar Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.flatgauge5.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Glass Tube Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.flatgauge6.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Small Analog Voltmeter Redstone Gauge
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.gauge_rustic2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Circular Wall Meter Redstone gauge
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.indicator1.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Green LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.indicator1blink1.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Green Blinking LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.indicator2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Yellow LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.indicator2blink1.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Blinking LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.indicator3.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Red LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.indicator3blink1.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Red LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.indicator4.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Alarm Lamp
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.indicator_led_white.*                       # (default: true) PLACE White LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.indicator_led_white_blink.*                 # (default: true) PLACE White Blinking LED Redstone Indicator
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.indicator_rustic_flag.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Redstone Semaphore
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.industrial_comparator_switch.*              # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Comparator Switch
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.industrial_knock_button.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Knock Detector Pulse Switch (industrial)
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.industrial_knock_switch.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Knock Detector Bistable Switch (industrial)
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.observerswitch1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Block Category Detector
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.powerplant_red.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Red power plant
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.powerplant_yellow.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Yellow power plant
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.pulseswitch1.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Machine Button
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.pulseswitch2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Fenced Machine Button
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.pulseswitch3.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Pull Handle Button
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.pulseswitch5.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Foot Button
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.pulseswitch6.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Button
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.pulseswitch_glass1.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Glass Button
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.pulseswitch_glass2.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Small Glass Button
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.pulseswitch_glass3.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Glass Touch Button
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.pulseswitch_oldfancy1.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Old Fancy Button
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.pulseswitch_oldfancy2.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Old Fancy Chain Button
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.pulseswitch_oldfancy3.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Pulse Switch
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.pulseswitch_oldfancy4.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Small Old Fancy Button
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic1.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Button
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic2.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Small Button
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic3.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Chain Button
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic4.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Pulse switch
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic5.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Pulse switch
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic6.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Pulse switch
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.pulseswitch_rustic7.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Nail Button
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.relay_bistableswitchrx1.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Switch Link Receiver
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.relay_bistableswitchrx2.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Cased Switch Link Receiver
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.relay_bistableswitchtx1.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Switch Link Sender
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.relay_pulseswitchrx1.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Pulse Switch Link Receiver
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.relay_pulseswitchrx2.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Cased Pulse Switch Link Receiver
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.relay_pulseswitchtx1.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Switch Link Pulse Sender
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.sensitiveglass.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Light Emitting)
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_black.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Black-Stained)
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_blue.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Blue-Stained)
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_brown.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Brown-Stained)
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_cyan.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Cyan-Stained)
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_gray.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Gray-Stained)
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_green.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Green-Stained)
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_inverted.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Inverted, Light Emitting)
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_lightblue.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Light-Blue-Stained)
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_lightgray.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Light-Gray-Stained)
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_lime.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Lime-Stained)
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_magenta.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Magenta-Stained)
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_orange.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Orange-Stained)
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_pink.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Pink-Stained)
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_purple.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Purple-Stained)
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_red.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Red-Stained)
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_white.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (White-Stained)
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.sensitiveglass_yellow.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone-Sensitive Glass Block (Yellow-Stained)
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.soundindicator1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Alarm Siren
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.timerswitch_glass1.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Glass Interval Signal Timer
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Shock Activated Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch2.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Sensitive Shock Activated Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch3.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Industrial Fall-Through Detection Frame
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch_rustic1.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Shock Activated Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch_rustic2.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Sensitive Shock Activated Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.trapdoorswitch_rustic3.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Rustic Fall-Through Detector Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.rsgauges.valve_wheel_switch.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Valve Switch
fe.protection.trample.sgcraft.naquadahblock.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Naquadah Alloy Block
fe.protection.trample.sgcraft.naquadahore.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Naquadah Ore
fe.protection.trample.sgcraft.ocinterface.*                                # (default: true) PLACE OpenComputers Stargate Interface
fe.protection.trample.sgcraft.sgpowerunit.*                                # (default: true) PLACE SG Power Unit
fe.protection.trample.sgcraft.stargatebase.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Stargate Base
fe.protection.trample.sgcraft.stargatecontroller.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Stargate Controller
fe.protection.trample.sgcraft.stargatering.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Stargate Ring Segment
fe.protection.trample.sgcraft.zpm_console.*                                # (default: true) PLACE ZPM Console
